Book A Demo Login Book A Demo Products Solutions Resources Pricing Automate Your Outbound With an All-In-One, AI-First Platform Powered by AI Employees Equip your team with the best-in-class outbound tools and our AI BDR Ava, who automates your entire outbound workflow. Phone Get Started Loading... The Future is Consolidated We’re Building the Future of Software, With AI Employees Called Artisans We're not just building an outbound sales tool. We're replacing, optimizing, and automating the entire GTM stack with AI and world-class software products. We're creating a world where Artisans will work alongside humans to automate the majority of their work. Ava, The Sales Artisan Hey there 👋 I’m Ava Meet Our First Artisan, Ava, the AI BDR Meet Ava Talk to Sales She Automates Outbound Ava automates 80% of the work your outbound team are doing manually within our all-in-one platform. She Finds Leads Ava prospects for you with access to over 300M enriched B2B leads. She can also scrape the web for relevant intent signals, such as fundraising announcements and hiring news. She Prospects With Emails & LinkedIn Using our Personalization Waterfall, Ava identifies the optimal personalization approach for each lead. She can reference social media posts, website searches, job changes, and much more. Loading... See How Ava Works Get An Email From Ava Curious about our AI-powered email personalization? Enter your email below to receive a customized message from Ava. See first-hand how she engages prospects on our platform! 1. Select Tone of Voice Direct Professional Sincere 2. Enter Your Email Address Email Me Ava! Before Ava After Ava Al Sales Playbooks Lead Research Email Generation Intent Data Workflow Builder AI SDR Email Warmup Features Innovation At Every Stage of the Outbound Cycle B2B Data AI Email Generation Email Warmup Watchtower Campaigns Email Deliverability Personalization Waterfall A Database of Over 300M+ B2B Contacts Unlock the full potential of your sales campaigns with our expansive B2B data. Dive into detailed company profiles, decision-maker contact information, and industry-specific insights to target your outreach more effectively. Talk To Sales Enterprise Artisan For Enterprise We're building the next generation of outbound software: all-in-one and AI-first. The days of a 15-product stack centered around Outreach or SalesLoft are over. Talk to Sales Consolidate Your Fragmented Stack We consolidate every tool your team needs for outbound with best-in-class products - from B2B Data to Email Warmup. Free Reps to Focus on High-Leverage Work Ava automates over 80% of your BDRs' outbound workflow, and does it more effectively. This frees up your reps so they focus on high-leverage activities like calling prospects and closing deals. Automate Your Best Manual Strategies Automatically detect intent signals across our data sources to identify high-value leads and instantly enroll them in tailored outreach sequences. Ready to Hire Ava and Supercharge Your Team? Ava is equipped with the best-in-class outbound tools to automate your outbound, freeing your reps’ time to focus on closing deals. Contact Sales Products Artisan Sales Platform Ava, the AI Sales Agent LinkedIn Outreach Email Warmup Sales Automation Email Personalization Deliverability Data B2B Data Local Data Solutions Enterprise Mid-market Startups Lead Gen Agencies Soon Resources Blog Case Studies Support Demos Changelog Soon Company About Us Artisan Labs Soon Careers Contact Us © 2024 Artisan AI Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Howdy 🤠  We're Here To Help! Artisan Sales Support on everything related to Artisan Sales & Ava 11 articles Most Viewed Articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts  Updated over 6 months ago Table of contents Setting up alternate domains is a great way completely protect the reputation of your main company domain, and it's easy!  How Many Email Inboxes & Domains Do I Need? To be safe, you should aim to have one mailbox for every 400 leads in your plan.  The Process Of Setting Up New Domains & Email Accounts 1. Buy A Domain Buy a domain similar to yours (so prospects know what your company is called. For example, if your primary domain is greensaas.com, you might purchase the domain getgreensaas.com. We'd recommend buying a domain through GoDaddy .  2. Get Email Addresses Now, you need to get your email addresses. The account should have the name of whoever you want it to look like the emails are coming from. E.g., if Jenna is the one taking the sales meetings Ava books for our example company Green SaaS, for a Supercharge account, you would create 6 Google Workspace users, with emails like: [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] [email protected]  Set your new email addresses up in a new Google Workspace account. You can create a new account here . Google will run you through the process of adding your domain.  3. Setup DKIM, DMARC & SPF Records You need to set up these records to make sure your emails deliver. See the separate article on how to here .  4. Give Ava Access To Your Email Now, the magic happens. Head to the Mailboxes page and add your new emails.  Note that when an email account is new, Ava will slowly increase the number of prospects she enrolls per day. This is to "build up" the email and prevent your outreach from going to spam. This process takes around 3 weeks until you're at maximum volume. Related Articles What Is Email Warmup? Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales Getting Started with Artisan Sales Getting Started with Artisan Sales How to get started with the Artisan Sales platform when you first sign up for an account.  Updated over 7 months ago Table of contents Welcome to our platform! We’re excited to have you here.  The Artisan Sales platform is designed to streamline your outbound workflow, with all the tools you need in one place. We have built-in email warmup, bounce testing, and mailbox health monitoring to ensure your deliverability is optimized. We also have an analytics dashboard, so you can check which campaigns and playbooks are doing the best.  And of course, we have our AI BDR Ava, who automates all the manual parts of outbound for you! Once you've set up your campaign, she helps you find leads, does research on them, and writes personalized emails for you to review and send.  To make things easy for you, we’ve made sure our platform set-up is straightforward and user-friendly. Below, you’ll find a complete guide to getting started so you can dive straight into supercharging your outreach!   Start with a 10-Minute Onboarding Once you’ve signed up for a trial, log in to the platform to get started! You’ll first be greeted by Ava in our chat interface. She’ll guide you through how to set up your first campaign.   During your chat, Ava will ask you for some information on the kind of leads you want to target, and the offering you’d like to pitch. You might want to have this information handy, so you can breeze through the onboarding!  Ava will ask you for: Your Target Customer Persona What countries do you want to target? What about industries? Job titles? Company size? About Your Company Provide a one sentence summary of what your company provides. (We recommend being as specific as possible here!) What features does your product/service offer? What pain points does your product/service address? Proof points: What sets you apart from the competition, such as awards, high rankings on review sites, or notable performance metrics? A few other things she’ll need from you: Your calendar link for booking meetings Your preferred tone of voice for emails The sender name to sign-off emails (Ava sends out emails on behalf of you and your team, so no one knows they’re AI-generated!) Make sure you spend as much time as you need on this part of the process. The more Ava knows, the better quality her emails will be.  Set Up Your Mailboxes Once Ava has the information she needs to get started, she’ll ask you to set up your mailboxes that she’ll be sending emails from.   We recommend setting up a secondary domain to safeguard your main domain’s reputation. When you’re sending out lots of emails, it’s a lot easier to be flagged by spam filters. If they flag you, it can affect your ability to reach prospects' inboxes. Using a secondary domain lets you experiment with A/B testing and optimize your email strategies, without putting your main communication lines at risk.  We’ve created a guide that guides you through the entire process of creating a secondary domain. Check it out here .  Once you’ve set up your secondary domain, there’s just one final step before Ava is ready to start sending out emails!  Since you’ve created new email addresses, it’s crucial that you set up your DNS settings. This ensures that your emails reliably reach their destination and helps prevent them from being marked as spam.  These settings include DKIM, SPF, and DMARC, which all work together to optimize your mailbox health. You can check out this article for further help.   Ava Populates Leads After your campaign is all set up and your mailbox health is at 100%, Ava begins populating your outbound CRM in the “Leads” tab. She does this by scraping her database of 300M+ B2B contacts and identifying your prospects based on the target customer persona information you provided during the onboarding process.   You can click into each lead on the page to learn more about them. You can also delete them from your workflow here, if they're not a good match!   Ava Starts Generating Emails Once Ava has identified leads based on your TCP, she will scrape leads’ websites to learn information necessary to crafting hyper-personalized messages. You can view these in the “Pending Approval” tab!   To ensure your messages land in the intended recipient’s inbox and not the spam filter, Ava undergoes a 3-week email warmup period. She starts by sending 5 to 10 emails a day to dummy accounts to build up domain reputation. For more information, see our guide to email warmup .  After 3 weeks, Ava starts sending out emails at full capacity. This means she’ll send 75 emails per mailbox per day.  When you’re first getting started, we highly recommend enabling copilot mode. With copilot activated, Ava will populate emails on the Emails Pending Approval page for you to review before sending. Each day, you’ll mark emails approved on Ava’s dashboard and review any responses.  One of Ava’s most exciting features is that she is able to learn over time based on the responses she receives. As she sends out more and more emails, she’ll self-optimize to improve positive response rates.  Bring Your Team Along for the Ride Don't let anyone miss out—invite your teammates to join the platform and see what it's like to have an AI co-worker by your side! Head over to “Account Settings” and bring them into the fold. You can add them as Delegates to share your existing account, or as Members for them to have their own seat on the platform.   Integrate With Your Sales Stack Integrate with Slack  to talk to Ava directly through your work channel. We also integrate with Salesforce and HubSpot, so you can export your engaged leads and ensure you don’t reach out to anyone who’s already in your CRM.    What's Next? Once you're all set up on our platform, all you need to do is check back for responses on the Inbox page. Ava will also send you a daily summary of all the responses you've received, via email.  If you don't have autopilot turned on, you'll also need to check back every day to approve emails on your Pending Approval page.    If you have any questions along the way, please visit our help center .  If you run into any issues you can’t fix, please reach out to us via Intercom. Someone will be in touch to help!  Related Articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts What Is Email Warmup? How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? How To Create A New Campaign Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales How To Create A New Campaign How To Create A New Campaign Learn how to create a new outbound sales campaign using our platform.  Updated over 7 months ago Table of contents Watch the video tutorial on Youtube here: https://youtu.be/90OPFY5v6A8?si=hwc55rtrD47G3YRr  Ready to create a brand new outbound campaign with Ava? Great! There are two ways you can get started, which we’ll go over here.  Chat With Ava This method is very similar to how you first set up your campaign with Ava.  Go to the “Chat with Ava” page on the platform and ask her to help you create a new campaign. Just like you did when you initially onboarded Ava, you’ll go over information such as your target customer persona, campaign pitch, calendar link, and so on.  Ava will guide you through this process step-by-step. Once you’re done, your new campaign will appear on the 'Campaigns' page of the platform for you to review.  Create A Campaign Manually You can also create a campaign manually, allowing you to input information directly into text boxes.  To get started, head to your "Campaigns" page and hit “Create Campaign” in the top left corner. First, set a name for your campaign.  Enter Your Target Customer Persona From here, you’ll filter your targets by areas such as region, job title, sector, and so on. You can further limit your target persona with keywords. For example, you could opt to target people who work in the AI sector exclusively by adding "AI" as a keyword. You can also blacklist competitors and current users to ensure you don’t accidentally send them any messages.  Once you’re done, make sure you hit “Save Changes” before heading to the next section!  Create Your Campaign Pitch After you’ve defined your customer persona, move on to the “Campaign Pitch” tab of your campaign settings. Here, you’ll give Ava all the information she needs to draft a compelling email to your leads.  Enter your company website and a short, succinct sales pitch. Ava will use this to describe your company to leads.  For example, if we were creating a campaign pitch for Artisan AI, we might write something like, “We’ve created the world's first AI BDR, Ava, who can automatically find your leads, do lead research, and draft hyper-personalized emails on behalf of your team.”  From there, you’ll be asked to fill in your features, pain points, and proof points. We recommend you include at least three or four of these to ensure Ava can fully explain your company’s offering to potential customers.  Features This should include any unique features that will help sell your product or service.  For our Artisan pitch, for example, we might say, “Ava drafts you hundreds of personalized emails based on advanced web scraping to ensure that each cold email is compelling to your target customer persona.”  Pain Points Pain points give you the chance to concretely advertise your product or service’s benefits. Make sure to be specific here and state exactly what problem you’re going to help leads solve.  Going back to our Artisan AI pitch, we might say, “Manual email personalization is time-consuming. Most sales reps spend hundreds of hours individually researching leads and drafting personalized emails.”  Proof Points Proof points are what help you stand out to buyers. Has your company received any awards? Been featured in any major media publication? Do you have any impressive performance metrics to share? Include that here.  For example, a proof point for Artisan AI might be, “We're backed by the prestigious startup school Y Combinator.”  Once you’ve entered your features, pain points, and proof points, be sure to save your changes. Now, Ava has all the information she needs to draft cold emails for your team.  Move To Campaign Outreach Once you’re done entering your campaign information, you’ll move on to the final section, which is “Campaign Outreach”. Here, you’ll make a few final decisions about the style of your emails before activating your campaign.  Language Select the language you want Ava to use to communicate with leads. Right now, Ava writes in 40+ different languages.  Sender Settings You can choose to add a custom email signature to the bottom of all your emails. This can be modified on the "Account Settings" page of the platform. You can include any information you want, including your full name, job title, company name, company website, and phone number.  Calendar Link Upload a link to your calendar so leads can book meetings with you. If you don't want to include a calendar link for the moment, you can enter "google.com" as a placeholder. Ava will know to not share this with your leads!  Tone of Voice Select the tone of voice you want Ava to use during outreach. Popular ones include "friendly" and "professional"!  Playbooks Playbooks are different styles of AI-generated email outreach. Right now, you can choose from the following: Classic Sales Pitch: The standard sales pitch of compliment, relate, and sell. Uno Reverse: Asks leads engaging business questions to start the conversation. Ultrahuman: Deliberately writes in a casual, friendly manner, occasionally including typos and errors to give the impression that a human wrote the email. Email Templates If you don't want Ava to draft emails for you, you also have the option to use email templates to write your own emails to leads.  For more information on how to use email templates, check out our 'How-To' video here: https://youtu.be/7hAMTNOKyYY?si=rXFY829SXriO31YR   Finally, Set Your Campaign to Active You’re all set! Now, all you have to do is set your campaign to active and Ava will start populating leads and drafting emails. Related Articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? Learn how to upload a CSV file of your own leads for Ava to draft personalized emails for.  Updated over 7 months ago Table of contents Watch the video tutorial on Youtube here: https://youtu.be/Q2cvz48wdKg?feature=shared  If you would like Ava to contact a list of leads you’ve generated yourself, you can upload a CSV file with the leads included. Doing so is a simple process.  All you need to do is click on "Upload CSV" button in the Target Customer Persona section of your Campaign Settings:   Once you upload your file, Ava should be ready to start drafting emails! However, there are a few things you should be aware of when working off your own CSV file.  Make Sure You Have All the Information For Each Lead For Ava to use your CSV file, she'll need the following information about your leads: Email Address First Name Organization Name Job Title Website The reason why Ava needs this information is because this is all essential information for her to draft her hyper-personalized emails.  Before uploading your CSV, make sure you’ve included all of this information. If you don't know the job title of particular leads, you can put 'Other' in the cell.  Map the Corresponding Columns After selecting the CSV file to upload, map each column to the corresponding label using the dropdown menu. This step ensures that Ava reads your CSV correctly!   Ava Won’t Find Leads For You If you opt to upload a CSV, Ava will only email leads off of this list. She will not use her search settings to find leads for your campaign.  Each day, Ava will pull the amount of leads from your CSV that is proportionate to the plan you have. When Ava runs out of leads, she’ll pause her outreach.  To continue, you’ll need to either upload a new CSV or set up a campaign with your target customer persona so Ava can find leads for you.  Related Articles Does Ava Work for B2C Leads? How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? How To Create A New Campaign Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English All Collections Artisan Sales Does Ava Work for B2C Leads? Does Ava Work for B2C Leads?  Updated over 7 months ago You can use Ava for B2C email campaigns, but it does require extra input on your part.  Right now, Ava’s database exclusively features B2B leads. If you’re using Ava for a B2C email campaign, you’ll need to upload your own spreadsheet populated with the necessary information to generate email copy. You can learn how to do this here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/9191308-how-do-i-upload-a-csv-file-of-my-own-leads  We're working hard to introduce new features to our platform and hope to add B2C leads into Ava’s database soon! Related Articles How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? How To Create A New Campaign Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Howdy 🤠  We're Here To Help! Artisan Sales Support on everything related to Artisan Sales & Ava 11 articles Most Viewed Articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? Several factors could be preventing Ava from sending your emails. Read this article to identify what the issue might be.  Updated over 7 months ago Table of contents We’re sorry to hear Ava has not been sending out your emails.  There are several ways to troubleshoot the problem. By going over the steps below, we’re confident you’ll get Ava back up and running!  Are You in the Warmup Period? Are you within the first three weeks of your account? If so, you may still be in the warmup period.  Our built-in email warmup service helps establish your domain reputation to ensure Ava's emails do not get filtered to spam. During this time, Ava gradually builds up the number of emails she sends per day. It takes approximately three weeks for your mailbox to reach full sending capacity.  To learn more about Email Warmup, check out our article here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/9191300-what-is-email-warmup  Have You Connected All Your Mailboxes? In your Mailboxes page, make sure you have enough emails connected and that they all have a green status.  You can find out how many emails you need per plan here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/9191325-how-many-email-addresses-do-i-need-for-different-plans  Have You Set Up DKIM, DMARC and SPF Correctly? Check that your DKIM, DMARC, and SPF records are configured correctly. These settings are crucial for email deliverability and ensuring that your emails do not end up in the spam folder or get rejected by the recipient's email server.  You can find an article on how to set up your DNS settings here here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/8774818-how-to-set-up-your-dkim-spf-and-dmarc   Have You Approved Your Emails? We always recommend manually approving emails when you first start using Ava. With Autopilot disabled, Ava will populate emails on the Emails Pending Approval page for you to review before sending.  You’ll need to come on the platform each day to approve emails and review any responses. If Ava is not sending emails, check to see if you still have pending emails to approve.  Do You Have a Target Customer Persona Set Up? Ava can find leads for you based on the targeted customer persona you select. You can also upload your own CSV file of leads for Ava to reach out to.  If you do not have a target customer persona set up, Ava will be unable to find leads and conduct outreach. If Ava has reached out to everyone on your CSV list, she will also stop sending emails. At this point, you need to either upload a new CSV or set up a new target customer persona.  Still not working? If you’ve tried all of the above and your emails still aren’t sending, please get in touch with us via Intercom. Someone from our team will get back to you as soon as possible to work out the issue! Related Articles What Is Email Warmup? Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English All Collections Artisan Sales How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? We offer three different plans at Artisan: Accelerate, Supercharge, and Blitzscale. Learn how many email addresses you need for each one.  Updated over 7 months ago Artisan offers three different plan types: Accelerate, Supercharge, and Blitzscale. Each requires you to set up new domains and email addresses for Ava to use. These recommendations are based on the need to maintain a safe, efficient outreach strategy. Each email address has a daily cap that prevents you from going over the spam limit.  Ideally, you should have at least one mailbox for every 500 leads. Each plan’s email requirements are designed with this in mind: Accelerate: Requires 2 email addresses. Contacts 750 leads per month. Supercharge: Requires 4 email addresses. Contacts 1500 leads per month. Blitzscale: Requires 6 email addresses. Contacts 3000 leads per month. We also have a feature that allows you to invite your team members to the platform, so you can work together. You can either invite users as "Delegates", where they have access to your account and share your existing plan, or you can invite them as "Members", where they pay for their own plan and you can share campaigns with each other.  If you’re a mid-market or enterprise company, we also offer custom plans. With these plans, you can invite your entire BDR organization to the platform and we can create custom features to align with your existing outbound workflow. Chat with us to learn more: https://artisan.co/talk-to-sales/  Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Book A Demo Login Book A Demo Products Solutions Resources Pricing Contact Our Sales Team We understand that every business has unique requirements. So, we'll work with you to create a pricing package that fits your needs. Companies consistently boost productivity & reduce costs with Artisan Hundreds of companies automate their outbound with Artisan We’re backed by top VCs, including Y Combinator Artisan is the most comprehensive & automated outbound solution Not quite ready to schedule a call? Reach out to our team at  hello@artisan.co  with any questions you may have. Full Name* Work Email* Job Title* Company Size* Select Company Size 1-5 5-50 50-250 250-1000 1000+ Phone Number* Phone Comments Submit Get a tailored quote in as little as 24 hours Ready to Hire Ava and Supercharge Your Team? Ava is equipped with the best-in-class outbound tools to automate your outbound, freeing your reps’ time to focus on closing deals. Contact Sales Products Artisan Sales Platform Ava, the AI Sales Agent LinkedIn Outreach Email Warmup Sales Automation Email Personalization Deliverability Data B2B Data Local Data Solutions Enterprise Mid-market Startups Lead Gen Agencies Soon Resources Blog Case Studies Support Demos Changelog Soon Company About Us Artisan Labs Soon Careers Contact Us © 2024 Artisan AI Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English All Collections Artisan Sales Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email Is Ava sending emails that you don't recognize from your inbox? You haven't been hacked! It's our email warmup service.  Updated over 7 months ago If you notice odd messages in your sent folder, don’t panic. Chances are, this is all part of our warmup email feature, which establishes your domain reputation to ensure messages don’t get filtered to spam. You can learn more here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/9191300-what-is-email-warmup  During the warmup period, Ava sends fake warm interactions to dummy accounts to balance cold outbound. There is no need to be concerned about these strange emails. You haven't been hacked and they are not going to real prospects! Related Articles What Is Email Warmup? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales What Is Email Warmup? What Is Email Warmup? Here we explain what email warmup is, how it works, why we use it and what to expect!  Updated over 7 months ago Table of contents Email warmup works by gradually increasing the volume of emails sent from a new account over a period of time. This establishes a positive reputation with Internet Service Providers (ISPs), which improves deliverability and reduces the chance of emails getting flagged as spam.  Given our recommendation to register new email accounts on our platform, we provide a built-in email warmup service. This ensures your mailboxes are prepared to handle your outbound email campaigns effectively.  How Does Email Warmup Work? Warmup is an ongoing process that happens when you do cold outreach to protect your mailbox health. Our warmup service will send emails from your new account to dummy addresses. We'll start with a low volume of emails and then gradually increase the number of emails sent every day.  Again, email warmup is an extremely common practice in cold outreach and necessary to avoid your messages getting flagged as spam.  How Can I Tell What A Warmup Email Looks Like? We use the keyword “Artz” in all of our warmup emails so that you know these are definitely warm up emails! Warmup emails tend to have random subjects, so will look out of place in your sent folder. Here’s an example of a warmup email:   How Long Is Ava’s Email Warmup Period? Email warmup is an ongoing process designed to gradually increase your sending limit while maintaining the health of your email account.  Initially, this process "warms up" your account, starting with a limit of 10 emails per day, and progressively expands to a maximum of 75 emails per mailbox. As you continue to send cold emails, this ongoing warmup supports the balance and health of your email activities. You can monitor the progression of your email capacity on our dashboard.   Once your email is fully warmed up, Ava will continue sending warm-up emails from your account to maintain your mailbox health.  Okay, So Is This Why Ava Is Sending Strange Emails? Yep! During her warmup period, Ava sends fake interactions to dummy accounts. There’s no need to be concerned about these odd emails showing up in your inbox. They’re not going to any actual prospects. You haven’t been hacked!  My Email Status is Red. Is This Related to Email Warmup? A red email status indicates your mailbox health is low. This may occur early in the email warmup process, but should not persist after three weeks.  If you still have a red status after three weeks, there’s usually a problem with your DMS settings. Make sure your DKIM, DMARC, and SPF records are configured correctly for email deliverability. You can find an article on how to adjust your email settings here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/8774818-how-to-set-up-your-dkim-spf-and-dmarc  Related Articles Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? How To Create A New Campaign Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales How To Set Up Your DKIM, SPF and DMARC How To Set Up Your DKIM, SPF and DMARC  Updated over 9 months ago Table of contents Note: The following steps are specifically for those using Google as their domain and mail provider. Before applying these values, verify with your provider, as they typically have their own guides.  How To Set Up DKIM Log in at admin.google.com . Navigate to Menu > Apps > Google Workspace > Gmail > Authenticate Email. Generate a DKIM Key. Create a DNS TXT record with this key at your domain provider (e.g., GoDaddy, Squarespace). Google guide: here Office 365 guide: here  How To Set Up SPF Go to your domain admin site and find DNS Management or Settings. Locate any existing SPF records (they start with "v=spf1…"). If there's an existing SPF record, you should be good to go! If there isn't, add a TXT record with the name "@" and the value:  For a standard Google Workspace (Google for Business) account: v=spf1 include:_spf.google.com ~all  For a standard Office 365 (Outlook for Business) account: v=spf1 include:spf.protection.outlook.com -all  If you need to add a hostname, make it: @   Google guide: here Office 365 guide: here  How To Set Up DMARC Go to your domain admin site and find DNS Management or Settings. Add a new TXT record with one of the following values:  Host Name: _dmarc  Value: v=DMARC1; p=none; rua=mailto: [email protected] ;  Replace the placeholder email with your own - it can be any of your company emails. Google guide: here Office 365 guide: here  Always confirm the specific requirements and values with your domain and email provider before making changes. Related Articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English All Collections Artisan Sales Artisan Sales Support on everything related to Artisan Sales & Ava 11 articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts How To Set Up Your DKIM, SPF and DMARC How To Add Variables To Your Email Templates What Is Email Warmup? Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? Does Ava Work for B2C Leads? How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? How To Create A New Campaign Getting Started with Artisan Sales Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English All Collections Artisan Sales How To Add Variables To Your Email Templates How To Add Variables To Your Email Templates A support article to show you how to add variables to your email templates to personalize your cold emails.  Updated over 7 months ago Watch the video tutorial on Youtube here: https://youtu.be/7hAMTNOKyYY?si=gWisAL9H7pBCCei7  Incorporating variables into your email templates is a smart way to personalize your messages at scale. Here’s a quick guide to help you get started:  Step 1: Access Your Template Navigate to the 'Email Templates' section in your Outbound Settings. Create a new email template to work from.  Step 2: Insert Variables Place your cursor where you want to insert a variable in the template. To add a variable to the body of your email, use the "Insert Variable" button to open the variables menu. Choose the variable you want to insert, such as First Name, Company Name, etc. These will automatically be replaced with the recipient's information when the email is sent. (They will appear in the body of your email as $first_name, $company_name, etc.) For the email subject line, press the "+" button to the right of the subject line to add a variable.   Step 3: Customize Your Message Continue composing your email. You can insert as many variables as needed to make your message feel personal and relevant. Remember, variables should make sense within the context of your message to maintain flow and readability.   Step 4: Save and Use Once you’re satisfied with the template, save your changes. Your template is now ready to use, with variables set to personalize each email sent to your recipients.  Best Practices Keep It Relevant: Only use variables that add value to your message. Overuse can make an email feel impersonal. Test Regularly: Regularly test your templates to catch any issues with variables or data integration. Get Help: If your variables don't seem to be working well, reach out to our team so we can identify what the issue is! By following these steps, you’ll be able to effectively use variables in your email templates, adding a personal touch to your mass communications without the extra time and effort of individual customization. Related Articles How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help CenterBook A Demo Login Book A Demo Products Solutions Resources Pricing Automate Your Outbound With an All-In-One, AI-First Platform Powered by AI Employees Equip your team with the best-in-class outbound tools and our AI BDR Ava, who automates your entire outbound workflow. Phone Get Started Loading... The Future is Consolidated We’re Building the Future of Software, With AI Employees Called Artisans We're not just building an outbound sales tool. We're replacing, optimizing, and automating the entire GTM stack with AI and world-class software products. We're creating a world where Artisans will work alongside humans to automate the majority of their work. Ava, The Sales Artisan Hey there 👋 I’m Ava Meet Our First Artisan, Ava, the AI BDR Meet Ava Talk to Sales She Automates Outbound Ava automates 80% of the work your outbound team are doing manually within our all-in-one platform. She Finds Leads Ava prospects for you with access to over 300M enriched B2B leads. She can also scrape the web for relevant intent signals, such as fundraising announcements and hiring news. She Prospects With Emails & LinkedIn Using our Personalization Waterfall, Ava identifies the optimal personalization approach for each lead. She can reference social media posts, website searches, job changes, and much more. Loading... See How Ava Works Get An Email From Ava Curious about our AI-powered email personalization? Enter your email below to receive a customized message from Ava. See first-hand how she engages prospects on our platform! 1. Select Tone of Voice Direct Professional Sincere 2. Enter Your Email Address Email Me Ava! Before Ava After Ava Al Sales Playbooks Lead Research Email Generation Intent Data Workflow Builder AI SDR Email Warmup Features Innovation At Every Stage of the Outbound Cycle B2B Data AI Email Generation Email Warmup Watchtower Campaigns Email Deliverability Personalization Waterfall A Database of Over 300M+ B2B Contacts Unlock the full potential of your sales campaigns with our expansive B2B data. Dive into detailed company profiles, decision-maker contact information, and industry-specific insights to target your outreach more effectively. Talk To Sales Enterprise Artisan For Enterprise We're building the next generation of outbound software: all-in-one and AI-first. The days of a 15-product stack centered around Outreach or SalesLoft are over. Talk to Sales Consolidate Your Fragmented Stack We consolidate every tool your team needs for outbound with best-in-class products - from B2B Data to Email Warmup. Free Reps to Focus on High-Leverage Work Ava automates over 80% of your BDRs' outbound workflow, and does it more effectively. This frees up your reps so they focus on high-leverage activities like calling prospects and closing deals. Automate Your Best Manual Strategies Automatically detect intent signals across our data sources to identify high-value leads and instantly enroll them in tailored outreach sequences. Ready to Hire Ava and Supercharge Your Team? Ava is equipped with the best-in-class outbound tools to automate your outbound, freeing your reps’ time to focus on closing deals. Contact Sales Products Artisan Sales Platform Ava, the AI Sales Agent LinkedIn Outreach Email Warmup Sales Automation Email Personalization Deliverability Data B2B Data Local Data Solutions Enterprise Mid-market Startups Lead Gen Agencies Soon Resources Blog Case Studies Support Demos Changelog Soon Company About Us Artisan Labs Soon Careers Contact Us © 2024 Artisan AI Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Howdy 🤠  We're Here To Help! Artisan Sales Support on everything related to Artisan Sales & Ava 11 articles Most Viewed Articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts Updated over 6 months ago Table of contents Setting up alternate domains is a great way completely protect the reputation of your main company domain, and it's easy! How Many Email Inboxes & Domains Do I Need? To be safe, you should aim to have one mailbox for every 400 leads in your plan. The Process Of Setting Up New Domains & Email Accounts 1. Buy A Domain Buy a domain similar to yours (so prospects know what your company is called. For example, if your primary domain is greensaas.com, you might purchase the domain getgreensaas.com. We'd recommend buying a domain through GoDaddy . 2. Get Email Addresses Now, you need to get your email addresses. The account should have the name of whoever you want it to look like the emails are coming from. E.g., if Jenna is the one taking the sales meetings Ava books for our example company Green SaaS, for a Supercharge account, you would create 6 Google Workspace users, with emails like: [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] Set your new email addresses up in a new Google Workspace account. You can create a new account here . Google will run you through the process of adding your domain. 3. Setup DKIM, DMARC & SPF Records You need to set up these records to make sure your emails deliver. See the separate article on how to here . 4. Give Ava Access To Your Email Now, the magic happens. Head to the Mailboxes page and add your new emails. Note that when an email account is new, Ava will slowly increase the number of prospects she enrolls per day. This is to "build up" the email and prevent your outreach from going to spam. This process takes around 3 weeks until you're at maximum volume. Related Articles What Is Email Warmup? Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales Getting Started with Artisan Sales Getting Started with Artisan Sales How to get started with the Artisan Sales platform when you first sign up for an account. Updated over 7 months ago Table of contents Welcome to our platform! We’re excited to have you here. The Artisan Sales platform is designed to streamline your outbound workflow, with all the tools you need in one place. We have built-in email warmup, bounce testing, and mailbox health monitoring to ensure your deliverability is optimized. We also have an analytics dashboard, so you can check which campaigns and playbooks are doing the best. And of course, we have our AI BDR Ava, who automates all the manual parts of outbound for you! Once you've set up your campaign, she helps you find leads, does research on them, and writes personalized emails for you to review and send. To make things easy for you, we’ve made sure our platform set-up is straightforward and user-friendly. Below, you’ll find a complete guide to getting started so you can dive straight into supercharging your outreach! Start with a 10-Minute Onboarding Once you’ve signed up for a trial, log in to the platform to get started! You’ll first be greeted by Ava in our chat interface. She’ll guide you through how to set up your first campaign. During your chat, Ava will ask you for some information on the kind of leads you want to target, and the offering you’d like to pitch. You might want to have this information handy, so you can breeze through the onboarding! Ava will ask you for: Your Target Customer Persona What countries do you want to target? What about industries? Job titles? Company size? About Your Company Provide a one sentence summary of what your company provides. (We recommend being as specific as possible here!) What features does your product/service offer? What pain points does your product/service address? Proof points: What sets you apart from the competition, such as awards, high rankings on review sites, or notable performance metrics? A few other things she’ll need from you: Your calendar link for booking meetings Your preferred tone of voice for emails The sender name to sign-off emails (Ava sends out emails on behalf of you and your team, so no one knows they’re AI-generated!) Make sure you spend as much time as you need on this part of the process. The more Ava knows, the better quality her emails will be. Set Up Your Mailboxes Once Ava has the information she needs to get started, she’ll ask you to set up your mailboxes that she’ll be sending emails from. We recommend setting up a secondary domain to safeguard your main domain’s reputation. When you’re sending out lots of emails, it’s a lot easier to be flagged by spam filters. If they flag you, it can affect your ability to reach prospects' inboxes. Using a secondary domain lets you experiment with A/B testing and optimize your email strategies, without putting your main communication lines at risk. We’ve created a guide that guides you through the entire process of creating a secondary domain. Check it out here . Once you’ve set up your secondary domain, there’s just one final step before Ava is ready to start sending out emails! Since you’ve created new email addresses, it’s crucial that you set up your DNS settings. This ensures that your emails reliably reach their destination and helps prevent them from being marked as spam. These settings include DKIM, SPF, and DMARC, which all work together to optimize your mailbox health. You can check out this article for further help. Ava Populates Leads After your campaign is all set up and your mailbox health is at 100%, Ava begins populating your outbound CRM in the “Leads” tab. She does this by scraping her database of 300M+ B2B contacts and identifying your prospects based on the target customer persona information you provided during the onboarding process. You can click into each lead on the page to learn more about them. You can also delete them from your workflow here, if they're not a good match! Ava Starts Generating Emails Once Ava has identified leads based on your TCP, she will scrape leads’ websites to learn information necessary to crafting hyper-personalized messages. You can view these in the “Pending Approval” tab! To ensure your messages land in the intended recipient’s inbox and not the spam filter, Ava undergoes a 3-week email warmup period. She starts by sending 5 to 10 emails a day to dummy accounts to build up domain reputation. For more information, see our guide to email warmup . After 3 weeks, Ava starts sending out emails at full capacity. This means she’ll send 75 emails per mailbox per day. When you’re first getting started, we highly recommend enabling copilot mode. With copilot activated, Ava will populate emails on the Emails Pending Approval page for you to review before sending. Each day, you’ll mark emails approved on Ava’s dashboard and review any responses. One of Ava’s most exciting features is that she is able to learn over time based on the responses she receives. As she sends out more and more emails, she’ll self-optimize to improve positive response rates. Bring Your Team Along for the Ride Don't let anyone miss out—invite your teammates to join the platform and see what it's like to have an AI co-worker by your side! Head over to “Account Settings” and bring them into the fold. You can add them as Delegates to share your existing account, or as Members for them to have their own seat on the platform. Integrate With Your Sales Stack Integrate with Slack  to talk to Ava directly through your work channel. We also integrate with Salesforce and HubSpot, so you can export your engaged leads and ensure you don’t reach out to anyone who’s already in your CRM. What's Next? Once you're all set up on our platform, all you need to do is check back for responses on the Inbox page. Ava will also send you a daily summary of all the responses you've received, via email. If you don't have autopilot turned on, you'll also need to check back every day to approve emails on your Pending Approval page. If you have any questions along the way, please visit our help center . If you run into any issues you can’t fix, please reach out to us via Intercom. Someone will be in touch to help! Related Articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts What Is Email Warmup? How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? How To Create A New Campaign Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales How To Create A New Campaign How To Create A New Campaign Learn how to create a new outbound sales campaign using our platform. Updated over 7 months ago Table of contents Watch the video tutorial on Youtube here: https://youtu.be/90OPFY5v6A8?si=hwc55rtrD47G3YRr Ready to create a brand new outbound campaign with Ava? Great! There are two ways you can get started, which we’ll go over here. Chat With Ava This method is very similar to how you first set up your campaign with Ava. Go to the “Chat with Ava” page on the platform and ask her to help you create a new campaign. Just like you did when you initially onboarded Ava, you’ll go over information such as your target customer persona, campaign pitch, calendar link, and so on. Ava will guide you through this process step-by-step. Once you’re done, your new campaign will appear on the 'Campaigns' page of the platform for you to review. Create A Campaign Manually You can also create a campaign manually, allowing you to input information directly into text boxes. To get started, head to your "Campaigns" page and hit “Create Campaign” in the top left corner. First, set a name for your campaign. Enter Your Target Customer Persona From here, you’ll filter your targets by areas such as region, job title, sector, and so on. You can further limit your target persona with keywords. For example, you could opt to target people who work in the AI sector exclusively by adding "AI" as a keyword. You can also blacklist competitors and current users to ensure you don’t accidentally send them any messages. Once you’re done, make sure you hit “Save Changes” before heading to the next section! Create Your Campaign Pitch After you’ve defined your customer persona, move on to the “Campaign Pitch” tab of your campaign settings. Here, you’ll give Ava all the information she needs to draft a compelling email to your leads. Enter your company website and a short, succinct sales pitch. Ava will use this to describe your company to leads. For example, if we were creating a campaign pitch for Artisan AI, we might write something like, “We’ve created the world's first AI BDR, Ava, who can automatically find your leads, do lead research, and draft hyper-personalized emails on behalf of your team.” From there, you’ll be asked to fill in your features, pain points, and proof points. We recommend you include at least three or four of these to ensure Ava can fully explain your company’s offering to potential customers. Features This should include any unique features that will help sell your product or service. For our Artisan pitch, for example, we might say, “Ava drafts you hundreds of personalized emails based on advanced web scraping to ensure that each cold email is compelling to your target customer persona.” Pain Points Pain points give you the chance to concretely advertise your product or service’s benefits. Make sure to be specific here and state exactly what problem you’re going to help leads solve. Going back to our Artisan AI pitch, we might say, “Manual email personalization is time-consuming. Most sales reps spend hundreds of hours individually researching leads and drafting personalized emails.” Proof Points Proof points are what help you stand out to buyers. Has your company received any awards? Been featured in any major media publication? Do you have any impressive performance metrics to share? Include that here. For example, a proof point for Artisan AI might be, “We're backed by the prestigious startup school Y Combinator.” Once you’ve entered your features, pain points, and proof points, be sure to save your changes. Now, Ava has all the information she needs to draft cold emails for your team. Move To Campaign Outreach Once you’re done entering your campaign information, you’ll move on to the final section, which is “Campaign Outreach”. Here, you’ll make a few final decisions about the style of your emails before activating your campaign. Language Select the language you want Ava to use to communicate with leads. Right now, Ava writes in 40+ different languages. Sender Settings You can choose to add a custom email signature to the bottom of all your emails. This can be modified on the "Account Settings" page of the platform. You can include any information you want, including your full name, job title, company name, company website, and phone number. Calendar Link Upload a link to your calendar so leads can book meetings with you. If you don't want to include a calendar link for the moment, you can enter "google.com" as a placeholder. Ava will know to not share this with your leads! Tone of Voice Select the tone of voice you want Ava to use during outreach. Popular ones include "friendly" and "professional"! Playbooks Playbooks are different styles of AI-generated email outreach. Right now, you can choose from the following: Classic Sales Pitch: The standard sales pitch of compliment, relate, and sell. Uno Reverse: Asks leads engaging business questions to start the conversation. Ultrahuman: Deliberately writes in a casual, friendly manner, occasionally including typos and errors to give the impression that a human wrote the email. Email Templates If you don't want Ava to draft emails for you, you also have the option to use email templates to write your own emails to leads. For more information on how to use email templates, check out our 'How-To' video here: https://youtu.be/7hAMTNOKyYY?si=rXFY829SXriO31YR Finally, Set Your Campaign to Active You’re all set! Now, all you have to do is set your campaign to active and Ava will start populating leads and drafting emails. Related Articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? Learn how to upload a CSV file of your own leads for Ava to draft personalized emails for. Updated over 7 months ago Table of contents Watch the video tutorial on Youtube here: https://youtu.be/Q2cvz48wdKg?feature=shared If you would like Ava to contact a list of leads you’ve generated yourself, you can upload a CSV file with the leads included. Doing so is a simple process. All you need to do is click on "Upload CSV" button in the Target Customer Persona section of your Campaign Settings: Once you upload your file, Ava should be ready to start drafting emails! However, there are a few things you should be aware of when working off your own CSV file. Make Sure You Have All the Information For Each Lead For Ava to use your CSV file, she'll need the following information about your leads: Email Address First Name Organization Name Job Title Website The reason why Ava needs this information is because this is all essential information for her to draft her hyper-personalized emails. Before uploading your CSV, make sure you’ve included all of this information. If you don't know the job title of particular leads, you can put 'Other' in the cell. Map the Corresponding Columns After selecting the CSV file to upload, map each column to the corresponding label using the dropdown menu. This step ensures that Ava reads your CSV correctly! Ava Won’t Find Leads For You If you opt to upload a CSV, Ava will only email leads off of this list. She will not use her search settings to find leads for your campaign. Each day, Ava will pull the amount of leads from your CSV that is proportionate to the plan you have. When Ava runs out of leads, she’ll pause her outreach. To continue, you’ll need to either upload a new CSV or set up a campaign with your target customer persona so Ava can find leads for you. Related Articles Does Ava Work for B2C Leads? How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? How To Create A New Campaign Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English All Collections Artisan Sales Does Ava Work for B2C Leads? Does Ava Work for B2C Leads? Updated over 7 months ago You can use Ava for B2C email campaigns, but it does require extra input on your part. Right now, Ava’s database exclusively features B2B leads. If you’re using Ava for a B2C email campaign, you’ll need to upload your own spreadsheet populated with the necessary information to generate email copy. You can learn how to do this here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/9191308-how-do-i-upload-a-csv-file-of-my-own-leads We're working hard to introduce new features to our platform and hope to add B2C leads into Ava’s database soon! Related Articles How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? How To Create A New Campaign Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Howdy 🤠  We're Here To Help! Artisan Sales Support on everything related to Artisan Sales & Ava 11 articles Most Viewed Articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? Several factors could be preventing Ava from sending your emails. Read this article to identify what the issue might be. Updated over 7 months ago Table of contents We’re sorry to hear Ava has not been sending out your emails. There are several ways to troubleshoot the problem. By going over the steps below, we’re confident you’ll get Ava back up and running! Are You in the Warmup Period? Are you within the first three weeks of your account? If so, you may still be in the warmup period. Our built-in email warmup service helps establish your domain reputation to ensure Ava's emails do not get filtered to spam. During this time, Ava gradually builds up the number of emails she sends per day. It takes approximately three weeks for your mailbox to reach full sending capacity. To learn more about Email Warmup, check out our article here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/9191300-what-is-email-warmup Have You Connected All Your Mailboxes? In your Mailboxes page, make sure you have enough emails connected and that they all have a green status. You can find out how many emails you need per plan here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/9191325-how-many-email-addresses-do-i-need-for-different-plans Have You Set Up DKIM, DMARC and SPF Correctly? Check that your DKIM, DMARC, and SPF records are configured correctly. These settings are crucial for email deliverability and ensuring that your emails do not end up in the spam folder or get rejected by the recipient's email server. You can find an article on how to set up your DNS settings here here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/8774818-how-to-set-up-your-dkim-spf-and-dmarc Have You Approved Your Emails? We always recommend manually approving emails when you first start using Ava. With Autopilot disabled, Ava will populate emails on the Emails Pending Approval page for you to review before sending. You’ll need to come on the platform each day to approve emails and review any responses. If Ava is not sending emails, check to see if you still have pending emails to approve. Do You Have a Target Customer Persona Set Up? Ava can find leads for you based on the targeted customer persona you select. You can also upload your own CSV file of leads for Ava to reach out to. If you do not have a target customer persona set up, Ava will be unable to find leads and conduct outreach. If Ava has reached out to everyone on your CSV list, she will also stop sending emails. At this point, you need to either upload a new CSV or set up a new target customer persona. Still not working? If you’ve tried all of the above and your emails still aren’t sending, please get in touch with us via Intercom. Someone from our team will get back to you as soon as possible to work out the issue! Related Articles What Is Email Warmup? Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English All Collections Artisan Sales How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? We offer three different plans at Artisan: Accelerate, Supercharge, and Blitzscale. Learn how many email addresses you need for each one. Updated over 7 months ago Artisan offers three different plan types: Accelerate, Supercharge, and Blitzscale. Each requires you to set up new domains and email addresses for Ava to use. These recommendations are based on the need to maintain a safe, efficient outreach strategy. Each email address has a daily cap that prevents you from going over the spam limit. Ideally, you should have at least one mailbox for every 500 leads. Each plan’s email requirements are designed with this in mind: Accelerate: Requires 2 email addresses. Contacts 750 leads per month. Supercharge: Requires 4 email addresses. Contacts 1500 leads per month. Blitzscale: Requires 6 email addresses. Contacts 3000 leads per month. We also have a feature that allows you to invite your team members to the platform, so you can work together. You can either invite users as "Delegates", where they have access to your account and share your existing plan, or you can invite them as "Members", where they pay for their own plan and you can share campaigns with each other. If you’re a mid-market or enterprise company, we also offer custom plans. With these plans, you can invite your entire BDR organization to the platform and we can create custom features to align with your existing outbound workflow. Chat with us to learn more: https://artisan.co/talk-to-sales/ Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Book A Demo Login Book A Demo Products Solutions Resources Pricing Contact Our Sales Team We understand that every business has unique requirements. So, we'll work with you to create a pricing package that fits your needs. Companies consistently boost productivity & reduce costs with Artisan Hundreds of companies automate their outbound with Artisan We’re backed by top VCs, including Y Combinator Artisan is the most comprehensive & automated outbound solution Not quite ready to schedule a call? Reach out to our team at hello@artisan.co with any questions you may have. Full Name* Work Email* Job Title* Company Size* Select Company Size 1-5 5-50 50-250 250-1000 1000+ Phone Number* Phone Comments Submit Get a tailored quote in as little as 24 hours Ready to Hire Ava and Supercharge Your Team? Ava is equipped with the best-in-class outbound tools to automate your outbound, freeing your reps’ time to focus on closing deals. Contact Sales Products Artisan Sales Platform Ava, the AI Sales Agent LinkedIn Outreach Email Warmup Sales Automation Email Personalization Deliverability Data B2B Data Local Data Solutions Enterprise Mid-market Startups Lead Gen Agencies Soon Resources Blog Case Studies Support Demos Changelog Soon Company About Us Artisan Labs Soon Careers Contact Us © 2024 Artisan AI Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English All Collections Artisan Sales Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email Is Ava sending emails that you don't recognize from your inbox? You haven't been hacked! It's our email warmup service. Updated over 7 months ago If you notice odd messages in your sent folder, don’t panic. Chances are, this is all part of our warmup email feature, which establishes your domain reputation to ensure messages don’t get filtered to spam. You can learn more here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/9191300-what-is-email-warmup During the warmup period, Ava sends fake warm interactions to dummy accounts to balance cold outbound. There is no need to be concerned about these strange emails. You haven't been hacked and they are not going to real prospects! Related Articles What Is Email Warmup? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales What Is Email Warmup? What Is Email Warmup? Here we explain what email warmup is, how it works, why we use it and what to expect! Updated over 7 months ago Table of contents Email warmup works by gradually increasing the volume of emails sent from a new account over a period of time. This establishes a positive reputation with Internet Service Providers (ISPs), which improves deliverability and reduces the chance of emails getting flagged as spam. Given our recommendation to register new email accounts on our platform, we provide a built-in email warmup service. This ensures your mailboxes are prepared to handle your outbound email campaigns effectively. How Does Email Warmup Work? Warmup is an ongoing process that happens when you do cold outreach to protect your mailbox health. Our warmup service will send emails from your new account to dummy addresses. We'll start with a low volume of emails and then gradually increase the number of emails sent every day. Again, email warmup is an extremely common practice in cold outreach and necessary to avoid your messages getting flagged as spam. How Can I Tell What A Warmup Email Looks Like? We use the keyword “Artz” in all of our warmup emails so that you know these are definitely warm up emails! Warmup emails tend to have random subjects, so will look out of place in your sent folder. Here’s an example of a warmup email: How Long Is Ava’s Email Warmup Period? Email warmup is an ongoing process designed to gradually increase your sending limit while maintaining the health of your email account. Initially, this process "warms up" your account, starting with a limit of 10 emails per day, and progressively expands to a maximum of 75 emails per mailbox. As you continue to send cold emails, this ongoing warmup supports the balance and health of your email activities. You can monitor the progression of your email capacity on our dashboard. Once your email is fully warmed up, Ava will continue sending warm-up emails from your account to maintain your mailbox health. Okay, So Is This Why Ava Is Sending Strange Emails? Yep! During her warmup period, Ava sends fake interactions to dummy accounts. There’s no need to be concerned about these odd emails showing up in your inbox. They’re not going to any actual prospects. You haven’t been hacked! My Email Status is Red. Is This Related to Email Warmup? A red email status indicates your mailbox health is low. This may occur early in the email warmup process, but should not persist after three weeks. If you still have a red status after three weeks, there’s usually a problem with your DMS settings. Make sure your DKIM, DMARC, and SPF records are configured correctly for email deliverability. You can find an article on how to adjust your email settings here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/8774818-how-to-set-up-your-dkim-spf-and-dmarc Related Articles Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? How To Create A New Campaign Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales How To Set Up Your DKIM, SPF and DMARC How To Set Up Your DKIM, SPF and DMARC Updated over 9 months ago Table of contents Note: The following steps are specifically for those using Google as their domain and mail provider. Before applying these values, verify with your provider, as they typically have their own guides. How To Set Up DKIM Log in at admin.google.com . Navigate to Menu > Apps > Google Workspace > Gmail > Authenticate Email. Generate a DKIM Key. Create a DNS TXT record with this key at your domain provider (e.g., GoDaddy, Squarespace). Google guide: here Office 365 guide: here How To Set Up SPF Go to your domain admin site and find DNS Management or Settings. Locate any existing SPF records (they start with "v=spf1…"). If there's an existing SPF record, you should be good to go! If there isn't, add a TXT record with the name "@" and the value: For a standard Google Workspace (Google for Business) account: v=spf1 include:_spf.google.com ~all For a standard Office 365 (Outlook for Business) account: v=spf1 include:spf.protection.outlook.com -all If you need to add a hostname, make it: @ Google guide: here Office 365 guide: here How To Set Up DMARC Go to your domain admin site and find DNS Management or Settings. Add a new TXT record with one of the following values: Host Name: _dmarc Value: v=DMARC1; p=none; rua=mailto: [email protected] ; Replace the placeholder email with your own - it can be any of your company emails. Google guide: here Office 365 guide: here Always confirm the specific requirements and values with your domain and email provider before making changes. Related Articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English All Collections Artisan Sales Artisan Sales Support on everything related to Artisan Sales & Ava 11 articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts How To Set Up Your DKIM, SPF and DMARC How To Add Variables To Your Email Templates What Is Email Warmup? Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? Does Ava Work for B2C Leads? How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? How To Create A New Campaign Getting Started with Artisan Sales Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English All Collections Artisan Sales How To Add Variables To Your Email Templates How To Add Variables To Your Email Templates A support article to show you how to add variables to your email templates to personalize your cold emails. Updated over 7 months ago Watch the video tutorial on Youtube here: https://youtu.be/7hAMTNOKyYY?si=gWisAL9H7pBCCei7 Incorporating variables into your email templates is a smart way to personalize your messages at scale. Here’s a quick guide to help you get started: Step 1: Access Your Template Navigate to the 'Email Templates' section in your Outbound Settings. Create a new email template to work from. Step 2: Insert Variables Place your cursor where you want to insert a variable in the template. To add a variable to the body of your email, use the "Insert Variable" button to open the variables menu. Choose the variable you want to insert, such as First Name, Company Name, etc. These will automatically be replaced with the recipient's information when the email is sent. (They will appear in the body of your email as $first_name, $company_name, etc.) For the email subject line, press the "+" button to the right of the subject line to add a variable. Step 3: Customize Your Message Continue composing your email. You can insert as many variables as needed to make your message feel personal and relevant. Remember, variables should make sense within the context of your message to maintain flow and readability. Step 4: Save and Use Once you’re satisfied with the template, save your changes. Your template is now ready to use, with variables set to personalize each email sent to your recipients. Best Practices Keep It Relevant: Only use variables that add value to your message. Overuse can make an email feel impersonal. Test Regularly: Regularly test your templates to catch any issues with variables or data integration. Get Help: If your variables don't seem to be working well, reach out to our team so we can identify what the issue is! By following these steps, you’ll be able to effectively use variables in your email templates, adding a personal touch to your mass communications without the extra time and effort of individual customization. Related Articles How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Book A Demo Login Book A Demo Products Solutions Resources Pricing Automate Your Outbound With an All-In-One, AI-First Platform Powered by AI Employees Equip your team with the best-in-class outbound tools and our AI BDR Ava, who automates your entire outbound workflow. Phone Get Started Loading... The Future is Consolidated We’re Building the Future of Software, With AI Employees Called Artisans We're not just building an outbound sales tool. We're replacing, optimizing, and automating the entire GTM stack with AI and world-class software products. We're creating a world where Artisans will work alongside humans to automate the majority of their work. Ava, The Sales Artisan Hey there 👋 I’m Ava Meet Our First Artisan, Ava, the AI BDR Meet Ava Talk to Sales She Automates Outbound Ava automates 80% of the work your outbound team are doing manually within our all-in-one platform. She Finds Leads Ava prospects for you with access to over 300M enriched B2B leads. She can also scrape the web for relevant intent signals, such as fundraising announcements and hiring news. She Prospects With Emails & LinkedIn Using our Personalization Waterfall, Ava identifies the optimal personalization approach for each lead. She can reference social media posts, website searches, job changes, and much more. Loading... See How Ava Works Get An Email From Ava Curious about our AI-powered email personalization? Enter your email below to receive a customized message from Ava. See first-hand how she engages prospects on our platform! 1. Select Tone of Voice Direct Professional Sincere 2. Enter Your Email Address Email Me Ava! Before Ava After Ava Al Sales Playbooks Lead Research Email Generation Intent Data Workflow Builder AI SDR Email Warmup Features Innovation At Every Stage of the Outbound Cycle B2B Data AI Email Generation Email Warmup Watchtower Campaigns Email Deliverability Personalization Waterfall A Database of Over 300M+ B2B Contacts Unlock the full potential of your sales campaigns with our expansive B2B data. Dive into detailed company profiles, decision-maker contact information, and industry-specific insights to target your outreach more effectively. Talk To Sales Enterprise Artisan For Enterprise We're building the next generation of outbound software: all-in-one and AI-first. The days of a 15-product stack centered around Outreach or SalesLoft are over. Talk to Sales Consolidate Your Fragmented Stack We consolidate every tool your team needs for outbound with best-in-class products - from B2B Data to Email Warmup. Free Reps to Focus on High-Leverage Work Ava automates over 80% of your BDRs' outbound workflow, and does it more effectively. This frees up your reps so they focus on high-leverage activities like calling prospects and closing deals. Automate Your Best Manual Strategies Automatically detect intent signals across our data sources to identify high-value leads and instantly enroll them in tailored outreach sequences. Ready to Hire Ava and Supercharge Your Team? Ava is equipped with the best-in-class outbound tools to automate your outbound, freeing your reps’ time to focus on closing deals. Contact Sales Products Artisan Sales Platform Ava, the AI Sales Agent LinkedIn Outreach Email Warmup Sales Automation Email Personalization Deliverability Data B2B Data Local Data Solutions Enterprise Mid-market Startups Lead Gen Agencies Soon Resources Blog Case Studies Support Demos Changelog Soon Company About Us Artisan Labs Soon Careers Contact Us © 2024 Artisan AI Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Howdy 🤠  We're Here To Help! Artisan Sales Support on everything related to Artisan Sales & Ava 11 articles Most Viewed Articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts Updated over 6 months ago Table of contents Setting up alternate domains is a great way completely protect the reputation of your main company domain, and it's easy! How Many Email Inboxes & Domains Do I Need? To be safe, you should aim to have one mailbox for every 400 leads in your plan. The Process Of Setting Up New Domains & Email Accounts 1. Buy A Domain Buy a domain similar to yours (so prospects know what your company is called. For example, if your primary domain is greensaas.com, you might purchase the domain getgreensaas.com. We'd recommend buying a domain through GoDaddy . 2. Get Email Addresses Now, you need to get your email addresses. The account should have the name of whoever you want it to look like the emails are coming from. E.g., if Jenna is the one taking the sales meetings Ava books for our example company Green SaaS, for a Supercharge account, you would create 6 Google Workspace users, with emails like: [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] Set your new email addresses up in a new Google Workspace account. You can create a new account here . Google will run you through the process of adding your domain. 3. Setup DKIM, DMARC & SPF Records You need to set up these records to make sure your emails deliver. See the separate article on how to here . 4. Give Ava Access To Your Email Now, the magic happens. Head to the Mailboxes page and add your new emails. Note that when an email account is new, Ava will slowly increase the number of prospects she enrolls per day. This is to "build up" the email and prevent your outreach from going to spam. This process takes around 3 weeks until you're at maximum volume. Related Articles What Is Email Warmup? Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales Getting Started with Artisan Sales Getting Started with Artisan Sales How to get started with the Artisan Sales platform when you first sign up for an account. Updated over 7 months ago Table of contents Welcome to our platform! We’re excited to have you here. The Artisan Sales platform is designed to streamline your outbound workflow, with all the tools you need in one place. We have built-in email warmup, bounce testing, and mailbox health monitoring to ensure your deliverability is optimized. We also have an analytics dashboard, so you can check which campaigns and playbooks are doing the best. And of course, we have our AI BDR Ava, who automates all the manual parts of outbound for you! Once you've set up your campaign, she helps you find leads, does research on them, and writes personalized emails for you to review and send. To make things easy for you, we’ve made sure our platform set-up is straightforward and user-friendly. Below, you’ll find a complete guide to getting started so you can dive straight into supercharging your outreach! Start with a 10-Minute Onboarding Once you’ve signed up for a trial, log in to the platform to get started! You’ll first be greeted by Ava in our chat interface. She’ll guide you through how to set up your first campaign. During your chat, Ava will ask you for some information on the kind of leads you want to target, and the offering you’d like to pitch. You might want to have this information handy, so you can breeze through the onboarding! Ava will ask you for: Your Target Customer Persona What countries do you want to target? What about industries? Job titles? Company size? About Your Company Provide a one sentence summary of what your company provides. (We recommend being as specific as possible here!) What features does your product/service offer? What pain points does your product/service address? Proof points: What sets you apart from the competition, such as awards, high rankings on review sites, or notable performance metrics? A few other things she’ll need from you: Your calendar link for booking meetings Your preferred tone of voice for emails The sender name to sign-off emails (Ava sends out emails on behalf of you and your team, so no one knows they’re AI-generated!) Make sure you spend as much time as you need on this part of the process. The more Ava knows, the better quality her emails will be. Set Up Your Mailboxes Once Ava has the information she needs to get started, she’ll ask you to set up your mailboxes that she’ll be sending emails from. We recommend setting up a secondary domain to safeguard your main domain’s reputation. When you’re sending out lots of emails, it’s a lot easier to be flagged by spam filters. If they flag you, it can affect your ability to reach prospects' inboxes. Using a secondary domain lets you experiment with A/B testing and optimize your email strategies, without putting your main communication lines at risk. We’ve created a guide that guides you through the entire process of creating a secondary domain. Check it out here . Once you’ve set up your secondary domain, there’s just one final step before Ava is ready to start sending out emails! Since you’ve created new email addresses, it’s crucial that you set up your DNS settings. This ensures that your emails reliably reach their destination and helps prevent them from being marked as spam. These settings include DKIM, SPF, and DMARC, which all work together to optimize your mailbox health. You can check out this article for further help. Ava Populates Leads After your campaign is all set up and your mailbox health is at 100%, Ava begins populating your outbound CRM in the “Leads” tab. She does this by scraping her database of 300M+ B2B contacts and identifying your prospects based on the target customer persona information you provided during the onboarding process. You can click into each lead on the page to learn more about them. You can also delete them from your workflow here, if they're not a good match! Ava Starts Generating Emails Once Ava has identified leads based on your TCP, she will scrape leads’ websites to learn information necessary to crafting hyper-personalized messages. You can view these in the “Pending Approval” tab! To ensure your messages land in the intended recipient’s inbox and not the spam filter, Ava undergoes a 3-week email warmup period. She starts by sending 5 to 10 emails a day to dummy accounts to build up domain reputation. For more information, see our guide to email warmup . After 3 weeks, Ava starts sending out emails at full capacity. This means she’ll send 75 emails per mailbox per day. When you’re first getting started, we highly recommend enabling copilot mode. With copilot activated, Ava will populate emails on the Emails Pending Approval page for you to review before sending. Each day, you’ll mark emails approved on Ava’s dashboard and review any responses. One of Ava’s most exciting features is that she is able to learn over time based on the responses she receives. As she sends out more and more emails, she’ll self-optimize to improve positive response rates. Bring Your Team Along for the Ride Don't let anyone miss out—invite your teammates to join the platform and see what it's like to have an AI co-worker by your side! Head over to “Account Settings” and bring them into the fold. You can add them as Delegates to share your existing account, or as Members for them to have their own seat on the platform. Integrate With Your Sales Stack Integrate with Slack  to talk to Ava directly through your work channel. We also integrate with Salesforce and HubSpot, so you can export your engaged leads and ensure you don’t reach out to anyone who’s already in your CRM. What's Next? Once you're all set up on our platform, all you need to do is check back for responses on the Inbox page. Ava will also send you a daily summary of all the responses you've received, via email. If you don't have autopilot turned on, you'll also need to check back every day to approve emails on your Pending Approval page. If you have any questions along the way, please visit our help center . If you run into any issues you can’t fix, please reach out to us via Intercom. Someone will be in touch to help! Related Articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts What Is Email Warmup? How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? How To Create A New Campaign Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales How To Create A New Campaign How To Create A New Campaign Learn how to create a new outbound sales campaign using our platform. Updated over 7 months ago Table of contents Watch the video tutorial on Youtube here: https://youtu.be/90OPFY5v6A8?si=hwc55rtrD47G3YRr Ready to create a brand new outbound campaign with Ava? Great! There are two ways you can get started, which we’ll go over here. Chat With Ava This method is very similar to how you first set up your campaign with Ava. Go to the “Chat with Ava” page on the platform and ask her to help you create a new campaign. Just like you did when you initially onboarded Ava, you’ll go over information such as your target customer persona, campaign pitch, calendar link, and so on. Ava will guide you through this process step-by-step. Once you’re done, your new campaign will appear on the 'Campaigns' page of the platform for you to review. Create A Campaign Manually You can also create a campaign manually, allowing you to input information directly into text boxes. To get started, head to your "Campaigns" page and hit “Create Campaign” in the top left corner. First, set a name for your campaign. Enter Your Target Customer Persona From here, you’ll filter your targets by areas such as region, job title, sector, and so on. You can further limit your target persona with keywords. For example, you could opt to target people who work in the AI sector exclusively by adding "AI" as a keyword. You can also blacklist competitors and current users to ensure you don’t accidentally send them any messages. Once you’re done, make sure you hit “Save Changes” before heading to the next section! Create Your Campaign Pitch After you’ve defined your customer persona, move on to the “Campaign Pitch” tab of your campaign settings. Here, you’ll give Ava all the information she needs to draft a compelling email to your leads. Enter your company website and a short, succinct sales pitch. Ava will use this to describe your company to leads. For example, if we were creating a campaign pitch for Artisan AI, we might write something like, “We’ve created the world's first AI BDR, Ava, who can automatically find your leads, do lead research, and draft hyper-personalized emails on behalf of your team.” From there, you’ll be asked to fill in your features, pain points, and proof points. We recommend you include at least three or four of these to ensure Ava can fully explain your company’s offering to potential customers. Features This should include any unique features that will help sell your product or service. For our Artisan pitch, for example, we might say, “Ava drafts you hundreds of personalized emails based on advanced web scraping to ensure that each cold email is compelling to your target customer persona.” Pain Points Pain points give you the chance to concretely advertise your product or service’s benefits. Make sure to be specific here and state exactly what problem you’re going to help leads solve. Going back to our Artisan AI pitch, we might say, “Manual email personalization is time-consuming. Most sales reps spend hundreds of hours individually researching leads and drafting personalized emails.” Proof Points Proof points are what help you stand out to buyers. Has your company received any awards? Been featured in any major media publication? Do you have any impressive performance metrics to share? Include that here. For example, a proof point for Artisan AI might be, “We're backed by the prestigious startup school Y Combinator.” Once you’ve entered your features, pain points, and proof points, be sure to save your changes. Now, Ava has all the information she needs to draft cold emails for your team. Move To Campaign Outreach Once you’re done entering your campaign information, you’ll move on to the final section, which is “Campaign Outreach”. Here, you’ll make a few final decisions about the style of your emails before activating your campaign. Language Select the language you want Ava to use to communicate with leads. Right now, Ava writes in 40+ different languages. Sender Settings You can choose to add a custom email signature to the bottom of all your emails. This can be modified on the "Account Settings" page of the platform. You can include any information you want, including your full name, job title, company name, company website, and phone number. Calendar Link Upload a link to your calendar so leads can book meetings with you. If you don't want to include a calendar link for the moment, you can enter "google.com" as a placeholder. Ava will know to not share this with your leads! Tone of Voice Select the tone of voice you want Ava to use during outreach. Popular ones include "friendly" and "professional"! Playbooks Playbooks are different styles of AI-generated email outreach. Right now, you can choose from the following: Classic Sales Pitch: The standard sales pitch of compliment, relate, and sell. Uno Reverse: Asks leads engaging business questions to start the conversation. Ultrahuman: Deliberately writes in a casual, friendly manner, occasionally including typos and errors to give the impression that a human wrote the email. Email Templates If you don't want Ava to draft emails for you, you also have the option to use email templates to write your own emails to leads. For more information on how to use email templates, check out our 'How-To' video here: https://youtu.be/7hAMTNOKyYY?si=rXFY829SXriO31YR Finally, Set Your Campaign to Active You’re all set! Now, all you have to do is set your campaign to active and Ava will start populating leads and drafting emails. Related Articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? Learn how to upload a CSV file of your own leads for Ava to draft personalized emails for. Updated over 7 months ago Table of contents Watch the video tutorial on Youtube here: https://youtu.be/Q2cvz48wdKg?feature=shared If you would like Ava to contact a list of leads you’ve generated yourself, you can upload a CSV file with the leads included. Doing so is a simple process. All you need to do is click on "Upload CSV" button in the Target Customer Persona section of your Campaign Settings: Once you upload your file, Ava should be ready to start drafting emails! However, there are a few things you should be aware of when working off your own CSV file. Make Sure You Have All the Information For Each Lead For Ava to use your CSV file, she'll need the following information about your leads: Email Address First Name Organization Name Job Title Website The reason why Ava needs this information is because this is all essential information for her to draft her hyper-personalized emails. Before uploading your CSV, make sure you’ve included all of this information. If you don't know the job title of particular leads, you can put 'Other' in the cell. Map the Corresponding Columns After selecting the CSV file to upload, map each column to the corresponding label using the dropdown menu. This step ensures that Ava reads your CSV correctly! Ava Won’t Find Leads For You If you opt to upload a CSV, Ava will only email leads off of this list. She will not use her search settings to find leads for your campaign. Each day, Ava will pull the amount of leads from your CSV that is proportionate to the plan you have. When Ava runs out of leads, she’ll pause her outreach. To continue, you’ll need to either upload a new CSV or set up a campaign with your target customer persona so Ava can find leads for you. Related Articles Does Ava Work for B2C Leads? How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? How To Create A New Campaign Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English All Collections Artisan Sales Does Ava Work for B2C Leads? Does Ava Work for B2C Leads? Updated over 7 months ago You can use Ava for B2C email campaigns, but it does require extra input on your part. Right now, Ava’s database exclusively features B2B leads. If you’re using Ava for a B2C email campaign, you’ll need to upload your own spreadsheet populated with the necessary information to generate email copy. You can learn how to do this here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/9191308-how-do-i-upload-a-csv-file-of-my-own-leads We're working hard to introduce new features to our platform and hope to add B2C leads into Ava’s database soon! Related Articles How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? How To Create A New Campaign Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Howdy 🤠  We're Here To Help! Artisan Sales Support on everything related to Artisan Sales & Ava 11 articles Most Viewed Articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? Several factors could be preventing Ava from sending your emails. Read this article to identify what the issue might be. Updated over 7 months ago Table of contents We’re sorry to hear Ava has not been sending out your emails. There are several ways to troubleshoot the problem. By going over the steps below, we’re confident you’ll get Ava back up and running! Are You in the Warmup Period? Are you within the first three weeks of your account? If so, you may still be in the warmup period. Our built-in email warmup service helps establish your domain reputation to ensure Ava's emails do not get filtered to spam. During this time, Ava gradually builds up the number of emails she sends per day. It takes approximately three weeks for your mailbox to reach full sending capacity. To learn more about Email Warmup, check out our article here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/9191300-what-is-email-warmup Have You Connected All Your Mailboxes? In your Mailboxes page, make sure you have enough emails connected and that they all have a green status. You can find out how many emails you need per plan here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/9191325-how-many-email-addresses-do-i-need-for-different-plans Have You Set Up DKIM, DMARC and SPF Correctly? Check that your DKIM, DMARC, and SPF records are configured correctly. These settings are crucial for email deliverability and ensuring that your emails do not end up in the spam folder or get rejected by the recipient's email server. You can find an article on how to set up your DNS settings here here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/8774818-how-to-set-up-your-dkim-spf-and-dmarc Have You Approved Your Emails? We always recommend manually approving emails when you first start using Ava. With Autopilot disabled, Ava will populate emails on the Emails Pending Approval page for you to review before sending. You’ll need to come on the platform each day to approve emails and review any responses. If Ava is not sending emails, check to see if you still have pending emails to approve. Do You Have a Target Customer Persona Set Up? Ava can find leads for you based on the targeted customer persona you select. You can also upload your own CSV file of leads for Ava to reach out to. If you do not have a target customer persona set up, Ava will be unable to find leads and conduct outreach. If Ava has reached out to everyone on your CSV list, she will also stop sending emails. At this point, you need to either upload a new CSV or set up a new target customer persona. Still not working? If you’ve tried all of the above and your emails still aren’t sending, please get in touch with us via Intercom. Someone from our team will get back to you as soon as possible to work out the issue! Related Articles What Is Email Warmup? Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English All Collections Artisan Sales How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? We offer three different plans at Artisan: Accelerate, Supercharge, and Blitzscale. Learn how many email addresses you need for each one. Updated over 7 months ago Artisan offers three different plan types: Accelerate, Supercharge, and Blitzscale. Each requires you to set up new domains and email addresses for Ava to use. These recommendations are based on the need to maintain a safe, efficient outreach strategy. Each email address has a daily cap that prevents you from going over the spam limit. Ideally, you should have at least one mailbox for every 500 leads. Each plan’s email requirements are designed with this in mind: Accelerate: Requires 2 email addresses. Contacts 750 leads per month. Supercharge: Requires 4 email addresses. Contacts 1500 leads per month. Blitzscale: Requires 6 email addresses. Contacts 3000 leads per month. We also have a feature that allows you to invite your team members to the platform, so you can work together. You can either invite users as "Delegates", where they have access to your account and share your existing plan, or you can invite them as "Members", where they pay for their own plan and you can share campaigns with each other. If you’re a mid-market or enterprise company, we also offer custom plans. With these plans, you can invite your entire BDR organization to the platform and we can create custom features to align with your existing outbound workflow. Chat with us to learn more: https://artisan.co/talk-to-sales/ Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Book A Demo Login Book A Demo Products Solutions Resources Pricing Contact Our Sales Team We understand that every business has unique requirements. So, we'll work with you to create a pricing package that fits your needs. Companies consistently boost productivity & reduce costs with Artisan Hundreds of companies automate their outbound with Artisan We’re backed by top VCs, including Y Combinator Artisan is the most comprehensive & automated outbound solution Not quite ready to schedule a call? Reach out to our team at hello@artisan.co with any questions you may have. Full Name* Work Email* Job Title* Company Size* Select Company Size 1-5 5-50 50-250 250-1000 1000+ Phone Number* Phone Comments Submit Get a tailored quote in as little as 24 hours Ready to Hire Ava and Supercharge Your Team? Ava is equipped with the best-in-class outbound tools to automate your outbound, freeing your reps’ time to focus on closing deals. Contact Sales Products Artisan Sales Platform Ava, the AI Sales Agent LinkedIn Outreach Email Warmup Sales Automation Email Personalization Deliverability Data B2B Data Local Data Solutions Enterprise Mid-market Startups Lead Gen Agencies Soon Resources Blog Case Studies Support Demos Changelog Soon Company About Us Artisan Labs Soon Careers Contact Us © 2024 Artisan AI Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English All Collections Artisan Sales Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email Is Ava sending emails that you don't recognize from your inbox? You haven't been hacked! It's our email warmup service. Updated over 7 months ago If you notice odd messages in your sent folder, don’t panic. Chances are, this is all part of our warmup email feature, which establishes your domain reputation to ensure messages don’t get filtered to spam. You can learn more here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/9191300-what-is-email-warmup During the warmup period, Ava sends fake warm interactions to dummy accounts to balance cold outbound. There is no need to be concerned about these strange emails. You haven't been hacked and they are not going to real prospects! Related Articles What Is Email Warmup? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales What Is Email Warmup? What Is Email Warmup? Here we explain what email warmup is, how it works, why we use it and what to expect! Updated over 7 months ago Table of contents Email warmup works by gradually increasing the volume of emails sent from a new account over a period of time. This establishes a positive reputation with Internet Service Providers (ISPs), which improves deliverability and reduces the chance of emails getting flagged as spam. Given our recommendation to register new email accounts on our platform, we provide a built-in email warmup service. This ensures your mailboxes are prepared to handle your outbound email campaigns effectively. How Does Email Warmup Work? Warmup is an ongoing process that happens when you do cold outreach to protect your mailbox health. Our warmup service will send emails from your new account to dummy addresses. We'll start with a low volume of emails and then gradually increase the number of emails sent every day. Again, email warmup is an extremely common practice in cold outreach and necessary to avoid your messages getting flagged as spam. How Can I Tell What A Warmup Email Looks Like? We use the keyword “Artz” in all of our warmup emails so that you know these are definitely warm up emails! Warmup emails tend to have random subjects, so will look out of place in your sent folder. Here’s an example of a warmup email: How Long Is Ava’s Email Warmup Period? Email warmup is an ongoing process designed to gradually increase your sending limit while maintaining the health of your email account. Initially, this process "warms up" your account, starting with a limit of 10 emails per day, and progressively expands to a maximum of 75 emails per mailbox. As you continue to send cold emails, this ongoing warmup supports the balance and health of your email activities. You can monitor the progression of your email capacity on our dashboard. Once your email is fully warmed up, Ava will continue sending warm-up emails from your account to maintain your mailbox health. Okay, So Is This Why Ava Is Sending Strange Emails? Yep! During her warmup period, Ava sends fake interactions to dummy accounts. There’s no need to be concerned about these odd emails showing up in your inbox. They’re not going to any actual prospects. You haven’t been hacked! My Email Status is Red. Is This Related to Email Warmup? A red email status indicates your mailbox health is low. This may occur early in the email warmup process, but should not persist after three weeks. If you still have a red status after three weeks, there’s usually a problem with your DMS settings. Make sure your DKIM, DMARC, and SPF records are configured correctly for email deliverability. You can find an article on how to adjust your email settings here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/8774818-how-to-set-up-your-dkim-spf-and-dmarc Related Articles Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? How To Create A New Campaign Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales How To Set Up Your DKIM, SPF and DMARC How To Set Up Your DKIM, SPF and DMARC Updated over 9 months ago Table of contents Note: The following steps are specifically for those using Google as their domain and mail provider. Before applying these values, verify with your provider, as they typically have their own guides. How To Set Up DKIM Log in at admin.google.com . Navigate to Menu > Apps > Google Workspace > Gmail > Authenticate Email. Generate a DKIM Key. Create a DNS TXT record with this key at your domain provider (e.g., GoDaddy, Squarespace). Google guide: here Office 365 guide: here How To Set Up SPF Go to your domain admin site and find DNS Management or Settings. Locate any existing SPF records (they start with "v=spf1…"). If there's an existing SPF record, you should be good to go! If there isn't, add a TXT record with the name "@" and the value: For a standard Google Workspace (Google for Business) account: v=spf1 include:_spf.google.com ~all For a standard Office 365 (Outlook for Business) account: v=spf1 include:spf.protection.outlook.com -all If you need to add a hostname, make it: @ Google guide: here Office 365 guide: here How To Set Up DMARC Go to your domain admin site and find DNS Management or Settings. Add a new TXT record with one of the following values: Host Name: _dmarc Value: v=DMARC1; p=none; rua=mailto: [email protected] ; Replace the placeholder email with your own - it can be any of your company emails. Google guide: here Office 365 guide: here Always confirm the specific requirements and values with your domain and email provider before making changes. Related Articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English All Collections Artisan Sales Artisan Sales Support on everything related to Artisan Sales & Ava 11 articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts How To Set Up Your DKIM, SPF and DMARC How To Add Variables To Your Email Templates What Is Email Warmup? Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? Does Ava Work for B2C Leads? How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? How To Create A New Campaign Getting Started with Artisan Sales Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English All Collections Artisan Sales How To Add Variables To Your Email Templates How To Add Variables To Your Email Templates A support article to show you how to add variables to your email templates to personalize your cold emails. Updated over 7 months ago Watch the video tutorial on Youtube here: https://youtu.be/7hAMTNOKyYY?si=gWisAL9H7pBCCei7 Incorporating variables into your email templates is a smart way to personalize your messages at scale. Here’s a quick guide to help you get started: Step 1: Access Your Template Navigate to the 'Email Templates' section in your Outbound Settings. Create a new email template to work from. Step 2: Insert Variables Place your cursor where you want to insert a variable in the template. To add a variable to the body of your email, use the "Insert Variable" button to open the variables menu. Choose the variable you want to insert, such as First Name, Company Name, etc. These will automatically be replaced with the recipient's information when the email is sent. (They will appear in the body of your email as $first_name, $company_name, etc.) For the email subject line, press the "+" button to the right of the subject line to add a variable. Step 3: Customize Your Message Continue composing your email. You can insert as many variables as needed to make your message feel personal and relevant. Remember, variables should make sense within the context of your message to maintain flow and readability. Step 4: Save and Use Once you’re satisfied with the template, save your changes. Your template is now ready to use, with variables set to personalize each email sent to your recipients. Best Practices Keep It Relevant: Only use variables that add value to your message. Overuse can make an email feel impersonal. Test Regularly: Regularly test your templates to catch any issues with variables or data integration. Get Help: If your variables don't seem to be working well, reach out to our team so we can identify what the issue is! By following these steps, you’ll be able to effectively use variables in your email templates, adding a personal touch to your mass communications without the extra time and effort of individual customization. Related Articles How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help CenterBook A Demo Login Book A Demo Products Solutions Resources Pricing Automate Your Outbound With an All-In-One, AI-First Platform Powered by AI Employees Equip your team with the best-in-class outbound tools and our AI BDR Ava, who automates your entire outbound workflow. Phone Get Started Loading... The Future is Consolidated We’re Building the Future of Software, With AI Employees Called Artisans We're not just building an outbound sales tool. We're replacing, optimizing, and automating the entire GTM stack with AI and world-class software products. We're creating a world where Artisans will work alongside humans to automate the majority of their work. Ava, The Sales Artisan Hey there 👋 I’m Ava Meet Our First Artisan, Ava, the AI BDR Meet Ava Talk to Sales She Automates Outbound Ava automates 80% of the work your outbound team are doing manually within our all-in-one platform. She Finds Leads Ava prospects for you with access to over 300M enriched B2B leads. She can also scrape the web for relevant intent signals, such as fundraising announcements and hiring news. She Prospects With Emails & LinkedIn Using our Personalization Waterfall, Ava identifies the optimal personalization approach for each lead. She can reference social media posts, website searches, job changes, and much more. Loading... See How Ava Works Get An Email From Ava Curious about our AI-powered email personalization? Enter your email below to receive a customized message from Ava. See first-hand how she engages prospects on our platform! 1. Select Tone of Voice Direct Professional Sincere 2. Enter Your Email Address Email Me Ava! Before Ava After Ava Al Sales Playbooks Lead Research Email Generation Intent Data Workflow Builder AI SDR Email Warmup Features Innovation At Every Stage of the Outbound Cycle B2B Data AI Email Generation Email Warmup Watchtower Campaigns Email Deliverability Personalization Waterfall A Database of Over 300M+ B2B Contacts Unlock the full potential of your sales campaigns with our expansive B2B data. Dive into detailed company profiles, decision-maker contact information, and industry-specific insights to target your outreach more effectively. Talk To Sales Enterprise Artisan For Enterprise We're building the next generation of outbound software: all-in-one and AI-first. The days of a 15-product stack centered around Outreach or SalesLoft are over. Talk to Sales Consolidate Your Fragmented Stack We consolidate every tool your team needs for outbound with best-in-class products - from B2B Data to Email Warmup. Free Reps to Focus on High-Leverage Work Ava automates over 80% of your BDRs' outbound workflow, and does it more effectively. This frees up your reps so they focus on high-leverage activities like calling prospects and closing deals. Automate Your Best Manual Strategies Automatically detect intent signals across our data sources to identify high-value leads and instantly enroll them in tailored outreach sequences. Ready to Hire Ava and Supercharge Your Team? Ava is equipped with the best-in-class outbound tools to automate your outbound, freeing your reps’ time to focus on closing deals. Contact Sales Products Artisan Sales Platform Ava, the AI Sales Agent LinkedIn Outreach Email Warmup Sales Automation Email Personalization Deliverability Data B2B Data Local Data Solutions Enterprise Mid-market Startups Lead Gen Agencies Soon Resources Blog Case Studies Support Demos Changelog Soon Company About Us Artisan Labs Soon Careers Contact Us © 2024 Artisan AI Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Howdy 🤠  We're Here To Help! Artisan Sales Support on everything related to Artisan Sales & Ava 11 articles Most Viewed Articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts Updated over 6 months ago Table of contents Setting up alternate domains is a great way completely protect the reputation of your main company domain, and it's easy! How Many Email Inboxes & Domains Do I Need? To be safe, you should aim to have one mailbox for every 400 leads in your plan. The Process Of Setting Up New Domains & Email Accounts 1. Buy A Domain Buy a domain similar to yours (so prospects know what your company is called. For example, if your primary domain is greensaas.com, you might purchase the domain getgreensaas.com. We'd recommend buying a domain through GoDaddy . 2. Get Email Addresses Now, you need to get your email addresses. The account should have the name of whoever you want it to look like the emails are coming from. E.g., if Jenna is the one taking the sales meetings Ava books for our example company Green SaaS, for a Supercharge account, you would create 6 Google Workspace users, with emails like: [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] [email protected] Set your new email addresses up in a new Google Workspace account. You can create a new account here . Google will run you through the process of adding your domain. 3. Setup DKIM, DMARC & SPF Records You need to set up these records to make sure your emails deliver. See the separate article on how to here . 4. Give Ava Access To Your Email Now, the magic happens. Head to the Mailboxes page and add your new emails. Note that when an email account is new, Ava will slowly increase the number of prospects she enrolls per day. This is to "build up" the email and prevent your outreach from going to spam. This process takes around 3 weeks until you're at maximum volume. Related Articles What Is Email Warmup? Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales Getting Started with Artisan Sales Getting Started with Artisan Sales How to get started with the Artisan Sales platform when you first sign up for an account. Updated over 7 months ago Table of contents Welcome to our platform! We’re excited to have you here. The Artisan Sales platform is designed to streamline your outbound workflow, with all the tools you need in one place. We have built-in email warmup, bounce testing, and mailbox health monitoring to ensure your deliverability is optimized. We also have an analytics dashboard, so you can check which campaigns and playbooks are doing the best. And of course, we have our AI BDR Ava, who automates all the manual parts of outbound for you! Once you've set up your campaign, she helps you find leads, does research on them, and writes personalized emails for you to review and send. To make things easy for you, we’ve made sure our platform set-up is straightforward and user-friendly. Below, you’ll find a complete guide to getting started so you can dive straight into supercharging your outreach! Start with a 10-Minute Onboarding Once you’ve signed up for a trial, log in to the platform to get started! You’ll first be greeted by Ava in our chat interface. She’ll guide you through how to set up your first campaign. During your chat, Ava will ask you for some information on the kind of leads you want to target, and the offering you’d like to pitch. You might want to have this information handy, so you can breeze through the onboarding! Ava will ask you for: Your Target Customer Persona What countries do you want to target? What about industries? Job titles? Company size? About Your Company Provide a one sentence summary of what your company provides. (We recommend being as specific as possible here!) What features does your product/service offer? What pain points does your product/service address? Proof points: What sets you apart from the competition, such as awards, high rankings on review sites, or notable performance metrics? A few other things she’ll need from you: Your calendar link for booking meetings Your preferred tone of voice for emails The sender name to sign-off emails (Ava sends out emails on behalf of you and your team, so no one knows they’re AI-generated!) Make sure you spend as much time as you need on this part of the process. The more Ava knows, the better quality her emails will be. Set Up Your Mailboxes Once Ava has the information she needs to get started, she’ll ask you to set up your mailboxes that she’ll be sending emails from. We recommend setting up a secondary domain to safeguard your main domain’s reputation. When you’re sending out lots of emails, it’s a lot easier to be flagged by spam filters. If they flag you, it can affect your ability to reach prospects' inboxes. Using a secondary domain lets you experiment with A/B testing and optimize your email strategies, without putting your main communication lines at risk. We’ve created a guide that guides you through the entire process of creating a secondary domain. Check it out here . Once you’ve set up your secondary domain, there’s just one final step before Ava is ready to start sending out emails! Since you’ve created new email addresses, it’s crucial that you set up your DNS settings. This ensures that your emails reliably reach their destination and helps prevent them from being marked as spam. These settings include DKIM, SPF, and DMARC, which all work together to optimize your mailbox health. You can check out this article for further help. Ava Populates Leads After your campaign is all set up and your mailbox health is at 100%, Ava begins populating your outbound CRM in the “Leads” tab. She does this by scraping her database of 300M+ B2B contacts and identifying your prospects based on the target customer persona information you provided during the onboarding process. You can click into each lead on the page to learn more about them. You can also delete them from your workflow here, if they're not a good match! Ava Starts Generating Emails Once Ava has identified leads based on your TCP, she will scrape leads’ websites to learn information necessary to crafting hyper-personalized messages. You can view these in the “Pending Approval” tab! To ensure your messages land in the intended recipient’s inbox and not the spam filter, Ava undergoes a 3-week email warmup period. She starts by sending 5 to 10 emails a day to dummy accounts to build up domain reputation. For more information, see our guide to email warmup . After 3 weeks, Ava starts sending out emails at full capacity. This means she’ll send 75 emails per mailbox per day. When you’re first getting started, we highly recommend enabling copilot mode. With copilot activated, Ava will populate emails on the Emails Pending Approval page for you to review before sending. Each day, you’ll mark emails approved on Ava’s dashboard and review any responses. One of Ava’s most exciting features is that she is able to learn over time based on the responses she receives. As she sends out more and more emails, she’ll self-optimize to improve positive response rates. Bring Your Team Along for the Ride Don't let anyone miss out—invite your teammates to join the platform and see what it's like to have an AI co-worker by your side! Head over to “Account Settings” and bring them into the fold. You can add them as Delegates to share your existing account, or as Members for them to have their own seat on the platform. Integrate With Your Sales Stack Integrate with Slack  to talk to Ava directly through your work channel. We also integrate with Salesforce and HubSpot, so you can export your engaged leads and ensure you don’t reach out to anyone who’s already in your CRM. What's Next? Once you're all set up on our platform, all you need to do is check back for responses on the Inbox page. Ava will also send you a daily summary of all the responses you've received, via email. If you don't have autopilot turned on, you'll also need to check back every day to approve emails on your Pending Approval page. If you have any questions along the way, please visit our help center . If you run into any issues you can’t fix, please reach out to us via Intercom. Someone will be in touch to help! Related Articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts What Is Email Warmup? How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? How To Create A New Campaign Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales How To Create A New Campaign How To Create A New Campaign Learn how to create a new outbound sales campaign using our platform. Updated over 7 months ago Table of contents Watch the video tutorial on Youtube here: https://youtu.be/90OPFY5v6A8?si=hwc55rtrD47G3YRr Ready to create a brand new outbound campaign with Ava? Great! There are two ways you can get started, which we’ll go over here. Chat With Ava This method is very similar to how you first set up your campaign with Ava. Go to the “Chat with Ava” page on the platform and ask her to help you create a new campaign. Just like you did when you initially onboarded Ava, you’ll go over information such as your target customer persona, campaign pitch, calendar link, and so on. Ava will guide you through this process step-by-step. Once you’re done, your new campaign will appear on the 'Campaigns' page of the platform for you to review. Create A Campaign Manually You can also create a campaign manually, allowing you to input information directly into text boxes. To get started, head to your "Campaigns" page and hit “Create Campaign” in the top left corner. First, set a name for your campaign. Enter Your Target Customer Persona From here, you’ll filter your targets by areas such as region, job title, sector, and so on. You can further limit your target persona with keywords. For example, you could opt to target people who work in the AI sector exclusively by adding "AI" as a keyword. You can also blacklist competitors and current users to ensure you don’t accidentally send them any messages. Once you’re done, make sure you hit “Save Changes” before heading to the next section! Create Your Campaign Pitch After you’ve defined your customer persona, move on to the “Campaign Pitch” tab of your campaign settings. Here, you’ll give Ava all the information she needs to draft a compelling email to your leads. Enter your company website and a short, succinct sales pitch. Ava will use this to describe your company to leads. For example, if we were creating a campaign pitch for Artisan AI, we might write something like, “We’ve created the world's first AI BDR, Ava, who can automatically find your leads, do lead research, and draft hyper-personalized emails on behalf of your team.” From there, you’ll be asked to fill in your features, pain points, and proof points. We recommend you include at least three or four of these to ensure Ava can fully explain your company’s offering to potential customers. Features This should include any unique features that will help sell your product or service. For our Artisan pitch, for example, we might say, “Ava drafts you hundreds of personalized emails based on advanced web scraping to ensure that each cold email is compelling to your target customer persona.” Pain Points Pain points give you the chance to concretely advertise your product or service’s benefits. Make sure to be specific here and state exactly what problem you’re going to help leads solve. Going back to our Artisan AI pitch, we might say, “Manual email personalization is time-consuming. Most sales reps spend hundreds of hours individually researching leads and drafting personalized emails.” Proof Points Proof points are what help you stand out to buyers. Has your company received any awards? Been featured in any major media publication? Do you have any impressive performance metrics to share? Include that here. For example, a proof point for Artisan AI might be, “We're backed by the prestigious startup school Y Combinator.” Once you’ve entered your features, pain points, and proof points, be sure to save your changes. Now, Ava has all the information she needs to draft cold emails for your team. Move To Campaign Outreach Once you’re done entering your campaign information, you’ll move on to the final section, which is “Campaign Outreach”. Here, you’ll make a few final decisions about the style of your emails before activating your campaign. Language Select the language you want Ava to use to communicate with leads. Right now, Ava writes in 40+ different languages. Sender Settings You can choose to add a custom email signature to the bottom of all your emails. This can be modified on the "Account Settings" page of the platform. You can include any information you want, including your full name, job title, company name, company website, and phone number. Calendar Link Upload a link to your calendar so leads can book meetings with you. If you don't want to include a calendar link for the moment, you can enter "google.com" as a placeholder. Ava will know to not share this with your leads! Tone of Voice Select the tone of voice you want Ava to use during outreach. Popular ones include "friendly" and "professional"! Playbooks Playbooks are different styles of AI-generated email outreach. Right now, you can choose from the following: Classic Sales Pitch: The standard sales pitch of compliment, relate, and sell. Uno Reverse: Asks leads engaging business questions to start the conversation. Ultrahuman: Deliberately writes in a casual, friendly manner, occasionally including typos and errors to give the impression that a human wrote the email. Email Templates If you don't want Ava to draft emails for you, you also have the option to use email templates to write your own emails to leads. For more information on how to use email templates, check out our 'How-To' video here: https://youtu.be/7hAMTNOKyYY?si=rXFY829SXriO31YR Finally, Set Your Campaign to Active You’re all set! Now, all you have to do is set your campaign to active and Ava will start populating leads and drafting emails. Related Articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? Learn how to upload a CSV file of your own leads for Ava to draft personalized emails for. Updated over 7 months ago Table of contents Watch the video tutorial on Youtube here: https://youtu.be/Q2cvz48wdKg?feature=shared If you would like Ava to contact a list of leads you’ve generated yourself, you can upload a CSV file with the leads included. Doing so is a simple process. All you need to do is click on "Upload CSV" button in the Target Customer Persona section of your Campaign Settings: Once you upload your file, Ava should be ready to start drafting emails! However, there are a few things you should be aware of when working off your own CSV file. Make Sure You Have All the Information For Each Lead For Ava to use your CSV file, she'll need the following information about your leads: Email Address First Name Organization Name Job Title Website The reason why Ava needs this information is because this is all essential information for her to draft her hyper-personalized emails. Before uploading your CSV, make sure you’ve included all of this information. If you don't know the job title of particular leads, you can put 'Other' in the cell. Map the Corresponding Columns After selecting the CSV file to upload, map each column to the corresponding label using the dropdown menu. This step ensures that Ava reads your CSV correctly! Ava Won’t Find Leads For You If you opt to upload a CSV, Ava will only email leads off of this list. She will not use her search settings to find leads for your campaign. Each day, Ava will pull the amount of leads from your CSV that is proportionate to the plan you have. When Ava runs out of leads, she’ll pause her outreach. To continue, you’ll need to either upload a new CSV or set up a campaign with your target customer persona so Ava can find leads for you. Related Articles Does Ava Work for B2C Leads? How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? How To Create A New Campaign Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English All Collections Artisan Sales Does Ava Work for B2C Leads? Does Ava Work for B2C Leads? Updated over 7 months ago You can use Ava for B2C email campaigns, but it does require extra input on your part. Right now, Ava’s database exclusively features B2B leads. If you’re using Ava for a B2C email campaign, you’ll need to upload your own spreadsheet populated with the necessary information to generate email copy. You can learn how to do this here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/9191308-how-do-i-upload-a-csv-file-of-my-own-leads We're working hard to introduce new features to our platform and hope to add B2C leads into Ava’s database soon! Related Articles How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? How To Create A New Campaign Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Howdy 🤠  We're Here To Help! Artisan Sales Support on everything related to Artisan Sales & Ava 11 articles Most Viewed Articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? Several factors could be preventing Ava from sending your emails. Read this article to identify what the issue might be. Updated over 7 months ago Table of contents We’re sorry to hear Ava has not been sending out your emails. There are several ways to troubleshoot the problem. By going over the steps below, we’re confident you’ll get Ava back up and running! Are You in the Warmup Period? Are you within the first three weeks of your account? If so, you may still be in the warmup period. Our built-in email warmup service helps establish your domain reputation to ensure Ava's emails do not get filtered to spam. During this time, Ava gradually builds up the number of emails she sends per day. It takes approximately three weeks for your mailbox to reach full sending capacity. To learn more about Email Warmup, check out our article here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/9191300-what-is-email-warmup Have You Connected All Your Mailboxes? In your Mailboxes page, make sure you have enough emails connected and that they all have a green status. You can find out how many emails you need per plan here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/9191325-how-many-email-addresses-do-i-need-for-different-plans Have You Set Up DKIM, DMARC and SPF Correctly? Check that your DKIM, DMARC, and SPF records are configured correctly. These settings are crucial for email deliverability and ensuring that your emails do not end up in the spam folder or get rejected by the recipient's email server. You can find an article on how to set up your DNS settings here here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/8774818-how-to-set-up-your-dkim-spf-and-dmarc Have You Approved Your Emails? We always recommend manually approving emails when you first start using Ava. With Autopilot disabled, Ava will populate emails on the Emails Pending Approval page for you to review before sending. You’ll need to come on the platform each day to approve emails and review any responses. If Ava is not sending emails, check to see if you still have pending emails to approve. Do You Have a Target Customer Persona Set Up? Ava can find leads for you based on the targeted customer persona you select. You can also upload your own CSV file of leads for Ava to reach out to. If you do not have a target customer persona set up, Ava will be unable to find leads and conduct outreach. If Ava has reached out to everyone on your CSV list, she will also stop sending emails. At this point, you need to either upload a new CSV or set up a new target customer persona. Still not working? If you’ve tried all of the above and your emails still aren’t sending, please get in touch with us via Intercom. Someone from our team will get back to you as soon as possible to work out the issue! Related Articles What Is Email Warmup? Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English All Collections Artisan Sales How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? We offer three different plans at Artisan: Accelerate, Supercharge, and Blitzscale. Learn how many email addresses you need for each one. Updated over 7 months ago Artisan offers three different plan types: Accelerate, Supercharge, and Blitzscale. Each requires you to set up new domains and email addresses for Ava to use. These recommendations are based on the need to maintain a safe, efficient outreach strategy. Each email address has a daily cap that prevents you from going over the spam limit. Ideally, you should have at least one mailbox for every 500 leads. Each plan’s email requirements are designed with this in mind: Accelerate: Requires 2 email addresses. Contacts 750 leads per month. Supercharge: Requires 4 email addresses. Contacts 1500 leads per month. Blitzscale: Requires 6 email addresses. Contacts 3000 leads per month. We also have a feature that allows you to invite your team members to the platform, so you can work together. You can either invite users as "Delegates", where they have access to your account and share your existing plan, or you can invite them as "Members", where they pay for their own plan and you can share campaigns with each other. If you’re a mid-market or enterprise company, we also offer custom plans. With these plans, you can invite your entire BDR organization to the platform and we can create custom features to align with your existing outbound workflow. Chat with us to learn more: https://artisan.co/talk-to-sales/ Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Book A Demo Login Book A Demo Products Solutions Resources Pricing Contact Our Sales Team We understand that every business has unique requirements. So, we'll work with you to create a pricing package that fits your needs. Companies consistently boost productivity & reduce costs with Artisan Hundreds of companies automate their outbound with Artisan We’re backed by top VCs, including Y Combinator Artisan is the most comprehensive & automated outbound solution Not quite ready to schedule a call? Reach out to our team at hello@artisan.co with any questions you may have. Full Name* Work Email* Job Title* Company Size* Select Company Size 1-5 5-50 50-250 250-1000 1000+ Phone Number* Phone Comments Submit Get a tailored quote in as little as 24 hours Ready to Hire Ava and Supercharge Your Team? Ava is equipped with the best-in-class outbound tools to automate your outbound, freeing your reps’ time to focus on closing deals. Contact Sales Products Artisan Sales Platform Ava, the AI Sales Agent LinkedIn Outreach Email Warmup Sales Automation Email Personalization Deliverability Data B2B Data Local Data Solutions Enterprise Mid-market Startups Lead Gen Agencies Soon Resources Blog Case Studies Support Demos Changelog Soon Company About Us Artisan Labs Soon Careers Contact Us © 2024 Artisan AI Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English All Collections Artisan Sales Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email Is Ava sending emails that you don't recognize from your inbox? You haven't been hacked! It's our email warmup service. Updated over 7 months ago If you notice odd messages in your sent folder, don’t panic. Chances are, this is all part of our warmup email feature, which establishes your domain reputation to ensure messages don’t get filtered to spam. You can learn more here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/9191300-what-is-email-warmup During the warmup period, Ava sends fake warm interactions to dummy accounts to balance cold outbound. There is no need to be concerned about these strange emails. You haven't been hacked and they are not going to real prospects! Related Articles What Is Email Warmup? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales What Is Email Warmup? What Is Email Warmup? Here we explain what email warmup is, how it works, why we use it and what to expect! Updated over 7 months ago Table of contents Email warmup works by gradually increasing the volume of emails sent from a new account over a period of time. This establishes a positive reputation with Internet Service Providers (ISPs), which improves deliverability and reduces the chance of emails getting flagged as spam. Given our recommendation to register new email accounts on our platform, we provide a built-in email warmup service. This ensures your mailboxes are prepared to handle your outbound email campaigns effectively. How Does Email Warmup Work? Warmup is an ongoing process that happens when you do cold outreach to protect your mailbox health. Our warmup service will send emails from your new account to dummy addresses. We'll start with a low volume of emails and then gradually increase the number of emails sent every day. Again, email warmup is an extremely common practice in cold outreach and necessary to avoid your messages getting flagged as spam. How Can I Tell What A Warmup Email Looks Like? We use the keyword “Artz” in all of our warmup emails so that you know these are definitely warm up emails! Warmup emails tend to have random subjects, so will look out of place in your sent folder. Here’s an example of a warmup email: How Long Is Ava’s Email Warmup Period? Email warmup is an ongoing process designed to gradually increase your sending limit while maintaining the health of your email account. Initially, this process "warms up" your account, starting with a limit of 10 emails per day, and progressively expands to a maximum of 75 emails per mailbox. As you continue to send cold emails, this ongoing warmup supports the balance and health of your email activities. You can monitor the progression of your email capacity on our dashboard. Once your email is fully warmed up, Ava will continue sending warm-up emails from your account to maintain your mailbox health. Okay, So Is This Why Ava Is Sending Strange Emails? Yep! During her warmup period, Ava sends fake interactions to dummy accounts. There’s no need to be concerned about these odd emails showing up in your inbox. They’re not going to any actual prospects. You haven’t been hacked! My Email Status is Red. Is This Related to Email Warmup? A red email status indicates your mailbox health is low. This may occur early in the email warmup process, but should not persist after three weeks. If you still have a red status after three weeks, there’s usually a problem with your DMS settings. Make sure your DKIM, DMARC, and SPF records are configured correctly for email deliverability. You can find an article on how to adjust your email settings here: https://support.artisan.co/en/articles/8774818-how-to-set-up-your-dkim-spf-and-dmarc Related Articles Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? How To Create A New Campaign Getting Started with Artisan Sales Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English Table of contents All Collections Artisan Sales How To Set Up Your DKIM, SPF and DMARC How To Set Up Your DKIM, SPF and DMARC Updated over 9 months ago Table of contents Note: The following steps are specifically for those using Google as their domain and mail provider. Before applying these values, verify with your provider, as they typically have their own guides. How To Set Up DKIM Log in at admin.google.com . Navigate to Menu > Apps > Google Workspace > Gmail > Authenticate Email. Generate a DKIM Key. Create a DNS TXT record with this key at your domain provider (e.g., GoDaddy, Squarespace). Google guide: here Office 365 guide: here How To Set Up SPF Go to your domain admin site and find DNS Management or Settings. Locate any existing SPF records (they start with "v=spf1…"). If there's an existing SPF record, you should be good to go! If there isn't, add a TXT record with the name "@" and the value: For a standard Google Workspace (Google for Business) account: v=spf1 include:_spf.google.com ~all For a standard Office 365 (Outlook for Business) account: v=spf1 include:spf.protection.outlook.com -all If you need to add a hostname, make it: @ Google guide: here Office 365 guide: here How To Set Up DMARC Go to your domain admin site and find DNS Management or Settings. Add a new TXT record with one of the following values: Host Name: _dmarc Value: v=DMARC1; p=none; rua=mailto: [email protected] ; Replace the placeholder email with your own - it can be any of your company emails. Google guide: here Office 365 guide: here Always confirm the specific requirements and values with your domain and email provider before making changes. Related Articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English All Collections Artisan Sales Artisan Sales Support on everything related to Artisan Sales & Ava 11 articles How To Setup New Domains & Email Accounts How To Set Up Your DKIM, SPF and DMARC How To Add Variables To Your Email Templates What Is Email Warmup? Help! Ava Is Sending Strange Messages From My Email How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? Does Ava Work for B2C Leads? How Many Email Addresses Do I Need for Different Plans? Ava Isn’t Sending Out My Emails. Why? How To Create A New Campaign Getting Started with Artisan Sales Artisan AI Help Center
Skip to main content Artisan AI Help Center Back To App English ; English Back To App English ; English All Collections Artisan Sales How To Add Variables To Your Email Templates How To Add Variables To Your Email Templates A support article to show you how to add variables to your email templates to personalize your cold emails. Updated over 7 months ago Watch the video tutorial on Youtube here: https://youtu.be/7hAMTNOKyYY?si=gWisAL9H7pBCCei7 Incorporating variables into your email templates is a smart way to personalize your messages at scale. Here’s a quick guide to help you get started: Step 1: Access Your Template Navigate to the 'Email Templates' section in your Outbound Settings. Create a new email template to work from. Step 2: Insert Variables Place your cursor where you want to insert a variable in the template. To add a variable to the body of your email, use the "Insert Variable" button to open the variables menu. Choose the variable you want to insert, such as First Name, Company Name, etc. These will automatically be replaced with the recipient's information when the email is sent. (They will appear in the body of your email as $first_name, $company_name, etc.) For the email subject line, press the "+" button to the right of the subject line to add a variable. Step 3: Customize Your Message Continue composing your email. You can insert as many variables as needed to make your message feel personal and relevant. Remember, variables should make sense within the context of your message to maintain flow and readability. Step 4: Save and Use Once you’re satisfied with the template, save your changes. Your template is now ready to use, with variables set to personalize each email sent to your recipients. Best Practices Keep It Relevant: Only use variables that add value to your message. Overuse can make an email feel impersonal. Test Regularly: Regularly test your templates to catch any issues with variables or data integration. Get Help: If your variables don't seem to be working well, reach out to our team so we can identify what the issue is! By following these steps, you’ll be able to effectively use variables in your email templates, adding a personal touch to your mass communications without the extra time and effort of individual customization. Related Articles How Do I Upload a CSV File of My Own Leads? Did this answer your question? 😞 😐 😃 Artisan AI Help Center